A while later

The postwar clean-up between Azeshion and Deiruheido was completed so the demon king academy that had been closed was now reopened.

Upon entering the second classroom I was wrapped up in a strangely nostalgic atmosphere.

As I take my seat Sasha whos next to me speaks up.

Morning. (Sasha)

I look at her face.

Wha.what.? What are you looking at? (Sasha)

Sasha covers her face with both arms to hide from my view.

Youve got new hair ribbons. (Arnos)

The ribbons she ties her twin tails with are different to the usual ones.

Well noticed

My demon eyes arent that cloudy where they wont notice the equipment of my subordinates. (Arnos)

Sashas eyes look a little disappointed.

Can you not call it equipment? (Sasha)

Sasha turns away in a huff, however, from the back she seems to be in a good mood.

Sasha is shy because Arnos noticed. Misha says from the seat to my other side.

The hair ribbons? (Arnos)

Misha nods.

I see. If that made you happy Sasha then why not say? (Arnos)

What are you saying? And dont go saying weird things either Misha. (Sasha)

Misha blinks a couple of times and looks at me.

I got scolded. (Misha)

Dont worry about it. Shes always noisy over something. (Arnos)

Sasha glares at me with an offended expression.

Hey Arnos. Whats that supposed to mean? You saying I flare up needlessly? (Sasha)

If you dont then why not try being honest Sasha?  You wont get what you want if you dont. (Arnos)

Sasha falls silent for a moment.

..What do you mean when you say what I want..? (Sasha)

Did you think I hadnt noticed? (Arnos)

.Eh..ah.. (Sasha)

Dont you want it? (Arnos)

Sasha blushes, turns her eyes away and looks down.

..I want it.. (Sasha)

I pointed to her hair ribbon.

The material is silk and not just any silk. Its the Konginu silk (dark silk) expelled by the twilight gecko that only spits out the thread while its twilight. They are a remnant from 2000 years ago. It was probably produced in the western Arileo region that has its origins in silk clothing. The silk is strong and its easy to apply reinforcement magic to. Due to that, it was useful during the war but since there has been a long period of peace the techniques were probably converted to ornamental and accessory use. Is dying things using magic a product of this era? Its a dark colour when viewed with demon eyes but its not bad. Id rate it somewhere in the lower middle overall. (Arnos)

Sasha had been looking at me with a straight, serious face since halfway through.

Its a different reaction to what I was expecting.

I turn to Misha.

Whats wrong? (Arnos)

.Its not good to notice too much.. (Misha)

Fumu. Is that so?

I thought youd be happy. (Arnos)

*Fufu* laughter leaks from my neighbour.

Im not happy with it. Study peace more demon king-sama. (Sasha)

Sasha pokes fun at me.

Its strange. Overall she still seems happy.

Morning. (Ray)

Good morning! (Misa)

Ray and Misa enter and take their seats.

I see you two are brazenly coming to school together. Sasha says in a low voice.

Eh? Ah, no youre wrong. We just met by chance. (Misa)

Misa quickly makes an excuse.

Hmph. By chance huh. (Sasha)

That reminds me Arnos-sama. What happened to Eleonor-san and Zeshia-san since then? (Misa)

Misa forcibly changes the topic.

Aah. Well, I thought about it in various ways an (Arnos)

Just then the bell signalling the start of lessons rang out.


 
The door opens and Menou enters followed by 2 girls.

Theres your answer. (Arnos)

Misa looks over and there is Eleonor and Zeshia wearing the hero academy uniform.

Apparently, Zeshia is 10 years old and this is the Zeshia that asked me to help [Mama].


 
Apart from this Zeshia, the rest would find it difficult to adapt to academy life so they are being looked after in a different way.

Yes yes everyone take your seats. Im going to introduce two academy exchange students but Im sure everyone already knows who they are. (Menou)

Eleonor smiles.

Im Eleonor Bianca from the hero academy. (Eleonor)

Even though Eleonor had introduced herself Zeshia was looking around restlessly as if she didnt understand where she was.


 
This child is Zeshia Bianca. She doesnt speak much but she understands perfectly fine. Cmon Zeshia, say hello. (Eleonor)

After being told by Eleonor Zeshia faces the students.

.ImZeshia Bianca (Zeshia)

She bows her head.

The students start being noisy at the sight of these two people.

Hero academy? Are we still doing an exchange.?

Aah. Didnt Azeshion start the war?

Thanks to the demon king of tyranny the war was soon over but is now the time for an exchange?

Menou sternly responded to the students talking like that.


 
I understand everyones anxiety. Deiruheido and Azeshion just went to war after all, however, that was the plot of Diego Ijeishka the former headteacher of the hero academy. Not all humans had hostility towards the mazoku though. (Menou)

This has already been communicated to the people of Deiruheido.


 
Since the war never reached any cities hardly anyone had the feeling that there had even been a war at all so many people happily accepted it.

Its a bit different with the students here though since they had been imprisoned in the hero academy dormitories until the war had ended. Due to that some of them might find it hard to accept.

Azeshion offered this exchange in a show of friendship towards Deiruheido again and that is why Deruzogedo decided to accept Eleonor-san and Zeshia-san. (Menou)


 
Some of the students still show dissatisfaction with Menous explanation.

..Even if you say that, trust doesnt come that easily

They just made that Deigo guy look bad because they lost the war. It doesnt alter the fact the whole hero academy tried to start a war.

How do we know its just the academy? It could be the whole of Azeshion.


 
Yeah, I mean who said I would like to continue the academy exchange?

Aah, they insulted the demon king of tyranny. I dont think we can easily interact with each other.

As a member of the royals how can I accept someone who insults the founder?

It seems many of the royals are complaining, though rather than the whole of Azeshion it seems its the hero academy they mainly have issues with.

Yes yes, I understand everyones dissatisfaction an (Menou)

Hahaha.

Laughter echoes in the classroom.

A tall man was standing in the doorway of the classroom looking in.

He was a delicate-looking man with purple hair and eyes wearing a teachers robe though the robes were white which was unusual since it meant he wasnt a royal.

This man is even older than the seven elder demon emperors.

His face is known to me though I didnt hear anything about him coming.

Also

You guys are funny.

The man walks to the podium.

Aah, you can both sit down now.

At his words, Eleonor and Zeshia come over to me and take the two free seats behind me.

Thanks for your help Arnos-kun. (Eleonor)

Youve already thanked me once. (Arnos)

*Giggle* I can say it as much as I want. My best regards going forward. (Eleonor)

Aah. (Arnos)

While answering Eleonor I was watching the man on the podium.

Whats wrong? Eleonor asks me with a curious voice.

Nothing. Its no big deal. (Arnos)

Menou goes to the blackboard and starts writing.

As it stands the academy exchange is going forward. I know youre dissatisfied but they had nothing to do with it. If you actually spend the time and talk to them I think youll find that Eleonor-san isnt someone who makes trouble. (Menou)

Menou finishes writing on the board.

Eldomade Ditijon

Well then, one more introduction for you all. I said before youd be getting a new teacher and theyve finally come. (Menou)

The man steps forward.

Im Eldomade and Ill be granting knowledge to those of you who are ignorant about 2000 years ago. (Eldomade)

The students frown at his arrogant words.

An incompetent teacher whos not a royal.

One of the students quietly mutters this and Menou quickly speaks up.

Eldomade sensei is an excellent person and theres a reason hes not a member of the royalty. Sensei is a mazoku born even before the seven elder demon emperors. He both competed against and cooperated with the demon king of tyranny during the great war 2000 years ago. This person fought for the mazoku. I think youll find the knowledge and magic of sensei to be very useful. (Menou)

The students reaction is dull to the words of Menou.

Lets start with the shallowness of you guys. Eldomade says while looking down on the students.

First of all, it was the demon king of tyranny that decided on this academy exchange. (Eldomade)

The students become noisy.

And another thing. His name is not Avos Dillheavia. Its partly the fault of Deiruheido but that name and legend has been passed on by mistake. (Eldomade)

The students get even noisier.

Finally, the reincarnated demon king is here in this classroom. (Eldomade)

Haaa!?

What are you talking about.?

..I dont think he is

Eldomade turned his gaze to me while the students complained.

Yo, its been a while. Your reincarnation seems to have gone well demon king Arnos Voldigod.
At Eldomades words, the classroom erupted into noise.

Are you stupid?

Bullshit.

Its not good to criticise the royals.

This was mixed in with other voices saying.

Its come.

Arnos-samas era has come.

Arnos-samas legend is rising.

The classroom descended into chaos.

A male student stood up and banged his desk. Its probably one of the royals.

Wait a minute. Even if you are a teacher I cant let that go. Are you saying the demon king of tyranny is Arnos? He is the only person branded as inept in the whole academy. You must know the aptitude tests are there to determine the identity of the demon king of tyranny right?


 
The student from the royal faction made a logical statement.

Good grief sensei. You might belong to the unification faction but dont teach your students false information!

Thats right. Isnt this an abuse of power?

Ive never even heard of a sensei that wears the white clothes. I dont know if you are a 2000-year-old mazoku or not but the issues caused by you elder mazoku have been left behind.

The criticism from the royal faction comes thick and fast but when Menou starts to say something Eldomade stops her.


 
Such ignorance. Eldomade spits his words out. What is wrong is the history of the mazoku and the teachings of the demon king academy. The mazoku from 2000 years ago deliberately lied to protect the demon king of tyranny. (Eldomade)

The royals are of course sceptical.

Even in your ignorance, the war we just had between Deiruheido and Azeshion must still be fresh in your memories. Azeshion was planning to destroy the reborn demon king of tyranny even after 2000 years. The mazoku created a fake demon king of tyranny to protect him. Its more complicated than that though so Ill finish there. (Eldomade)

Eldomade strongly speaks his factual words.

That fake demon kings name was Avos Dillheavia which you all believed until today. (Eldomade)

Various emotions float around the room. Some brushed it off, some got angry and some laughed and snorted. The reactions were varied but the common theme was the royal students didnt believe it.


 
The real demon king Arnos Voldigod was branded inept so even if he was discovered no one would believe it. It worked out very well and thanks to you royals, in particular, the humans never found out. Since the mastermind over on the Azeshion side was destroyed theres no need to hide the demon king anymore. (Eldomade)

Eldomade deploys a magic formation.

Open your eyes and see reality. The one you have branded as inept is the demon king of tyranny. (Eldomade)

It was a <Zekt> Eldomade deployed.

It stated that every word Eldomade had just spoken was the truth and the price of breaking this contract was the users life.

It had been signed by many famous mazoku as well. Particularly notable names on the list were all of the old seven demon emperors.


 
Oi.wait. That <Zekt> has been signed. Look. Melheys-sama, Aivis-sama..Idol-sama

All the old seven demon emperors have signed!

Its got to be a lie.. but the old seven demon emperors have signed it?

Impossible! This is impossible. That fellow is an inept white clothes!

Hes not noble like us

Eldomade turned to me again.

Arnos Voldigod. (Eldomade)

He pointed to the podium at the front.

Here. (Eldomade)

Fumu. Whats he planning?

I stood up and walked over to the platform.

Disappear. (Eldomade)

When Eldomade spoke all the chairs and desks in the classroom disappeared.

The students who were sitting down managed to remain upright just about and regained their posture.


 
Im not a subordinate of the demon king but I must say your behaviour is intolerable. It shows just how peaceful these times are. (Eldomade)

The girls in the fan union react immediately and kneel on the spot.

Then Sasha, Misha, Ray and Misa also kneel.

What are you doing? Eldomade says to the students who are standing there dumbfounded and unable to comprehend the current situation.

Youre in the presence of the demon king yet your heads are still high. (Eldomade)


 
Menou reacts to his words and kneels in front of me.

She meets my eyes and whispers

I heard everything from Melheys-sama. (Menou)

Because Menou knelt other students also followed suit.

The only people left standing are the royals.

The very reality they believed in right up to today has been upset. Of course they wont be able to easily accept it.

Why arent you kneeling? Are you willing to commit treason against the demon king of tyranny? Eldomade addresses the standing students.


 
Nno..buteverything that has been taught to us up to now.

Ignorant man. Ive already told you it was a lie. (Eldomade)

But having to suddenly believe it just because someone tells us its a lie

Your feelings on the matter are irrelevant. Eldomade flatly rejects the students words.

Everything is an illusion. You royals are not noble and irreplaceable. You have no privilege. The demon king believes those under his command are all equal. (Eldomade)

The student strongly grits his teeth.

The curtain already came down long ago. As for the position known as royalty, that fictitious organisation will not be necessary for Deiruheido in the future either. Theres nothing more ridiculous than still playing your role when the play is over is there? Hmm? (Eldomade)

The students look down in frustration but they couldnt escape the signed <Zekt>.

They cant argue against the old seven demon emperors since the activities of the royals have always been supported by them.

They slowly knelt in place their faces stained with humiliation and their hands and feet shaking.

Your words. (Eldomade)

I guess. (Arnos)

I pointed with my finger and drew as many magic circles as there were students in the room. The chairs and desks that had disappeared earlier reappeared.

Anyway, sit down. (Arnos)

The students were puzzled by my words.

Deiruheido is peaceful now. Theres no longer any need for the demon king of tyranny. If you want to recognise me then do so. If you dont then dont. Everyone should live as they like and this age is perfect for that. Let your beliefs alone be your master. (Arnos)

Yes Arnos-sama!!

The students raise their voices. My fan club played a key role but other students also raised their voices.

The white-clothed students had faces that were free of any anxiety but in comparison, the royals had bitter expressions on their faces.

Well, whatever. It cant be helped. The only thing Kanon told the mazoku in Deiruheido was the demon king would be reborn into a noble family.

Unfortunately, they took that story and turned their society into one that valued blood and lineage giving special privileges to those that had it.

The only reason the old seven demon emperors called themselves royals was so they could stand at the top of it and put at least some minimal restraints on the royals to stop them going too far overboard.

The humiliation and anguish they are feeling is nothing but the result of their own ugly emotions.

From now on whenever the history of the mazoku is corrected they will suffer but that is a natural consequence of their own self-made actions.

The only choice they have is to overcome it themselves.

You will all notice from now on that history will be corrected. I dont dare say this how I normally would but even so I need to make one correction. (Arnos)

I dont know if my words will reach them but I have to say it.

My blood was never precious. Its the same as any other mazoku. Theres no precious power in it. If its said there is then it dwells in my heart. Your thoughts and beliefs determine how noble your power is. Polish your heart and mind. Become troubled, lost and confused. What you call precious and honourable will never be obtained while sitting still. (Arnos)

Yes Arnos-sama!!

The royals look humiliated and can only stare at the floor.

Its not unusual to believe something false. Though the scale is huge this situation is the same. Dont entrust your beliefs and values to others otherwise, you can easily find yourself undermined. Live as a mazoku and not as a royal or a mixed race. (Arnos)

Yes Arnos-sama!!

So as I said earlier sit down. Im just a student now. (Arnos)

The students finally rise to their feet as do Ray, Misha, Sasha and Misa.

Right. Everyone pull yourselves together. Eldomade sensei will be teaching this class from now on. If any of you have any questions from our previous lessons please come to the 3rd year classroom. Also. (Menou)

Menous eyes meet mine.

Errm.Arnos-sama..? (Menou)

Act like you always did. Even back then I never forced my subordinates to use honorifics. (Arnos)

Then will Arnos-kun still be attending classes? (Menou)

I turn my eyes to Eldomade but hes expressionless and I cant understand what hes thinking.

Ive nothing better to do so Ill enjoy the peace for a while longer. (Arnos)

Understood. (Menou)

Menou turned back to the students.

I think its going to be difficult for everyone but please do your best. If Im good enough for you then you can consult with me anytime. Oh and one final thing. The announcement about the demon king of tyranny is going out to all of Deiruheido soon but its a secret until then. Bye. (Menou)

Menou leaves the classroom.

Then as she said the class is now started. If you would like to return to your seat demon king of tyranny. (Eldomade)

I turn to him.

Fire death king <Beast King> Eldomade. Why did you come to the demon king academy? (Arnos) (1)

It was purely a whim. (Eldomade)

I see. (Arnos)

Ive understood all too well.

I move towards my seat and slowly pass Eldomade.

Thats a very poor disguise Nousgalia. (Arnos)

He doesnt break his expression at all.

Whats a god doing here hijacking a mazoku body? (Arnos)

Take your seat demon king of tyranny and Ill teach you directly. (Eldomade)
