Anos is the reincarnated man who was feared as the Demon King of Tyranny 2,000 years ago. He is resolute, stalwart, and invincible. His absolute power instills a veritable self-confidence that is only surpassed by his ego. Because of his overwhelming prowess, Anos possesses an easygoing attitude and an unrivaled sense of perseverance when facing any challenge that may come his way.

Despite his title as the Demon King, Anos has a definitive moral compass and generally has a kind and caring outlook. He takes a great interest in the well-being of not only his family, but also his subordinates and followers, and is quick to reward them for their loyalty. He is willing to go through great lengths to assist in their development, in order for them to reach their full potential. Other people may see him as cruel, but his personal creed is not to kill people needlessly. Even if he would never admit it, Anos is very protective of his fellow subordinates and followers.

While Anos is not inherently evil, his chaotic and sometimes ruthless methods when dealing with his enemies, earned him his title. While he originally never proclaimed himself as the Demon King, he has openly embraced it as the rest of the world views him as such. Those who oppose him, fear his power, and are threatened by the mere fact that a single man possesses such power.

The legends of just his gaze striking fear into those who appear before him are not just a rumor either. Just using his demonic eyes to control others' actions is enough for some to go mentally insane.

2,000 years ago, in his previous life, Anos was an orphan. Humans killed his mother while she was pregnant with him and he was born from her corpse. He said that it was something he could never forget.

As the war between humans and demons raged on, Anos eventually grew tired of the constant fighting and decided that the only way peace could be achieved was by building walls between the four races, hoping they'd forget their grudge after a thousand years or so. Thus he formed an agreement with the Hero Kanon, Great Spirit Reno, and the God of Creation Militia and sacrificed himself to supply enough magic for the cause, saying that he would reincarnate after 2,000 years.
The unborn child which Anos would reincarnate into, was close to death while still inside his mother's womb. Because the doctors couldn't do anything, even with magic, Izabella prayed everyday for her child to be born. It didn't matter to her which divine or demonic being answered, so long as they'd help her child. While she was sleeping, the baby's heart stopped inside of her. Izabella prayers were finally answered when the child's heart started beating again. Little by little, the unborn child regained his strength and grew as Anos's root choose the unborn child to reincarnate in, thus returning life to it. He believes that it's because of his mother's sheer force of will that he was reincarnated into her child