"Are you stupid or something? Why did you have to make things so
conflicting?"
"No, listen. Its not just me, Yukinoshita also acted really..."
I tried to give an excuse, but Iroha refused to listen, made a hmph sound and
turned over, starting to walk away, I proceeded to follow behind her.
"Listen to me alright? You saw that didnt you, how stubborn, how super
duper troublesome..."
"Oh hey, good job with your most accurate self-introduction ever."
"Youre welco... wait Im not talking about me. Even though I did acted the
same way back there."
Saying that, I sped up my footsteps in order to catch up with Iroha. However,
the distance between did not shorten at all.
"By the way, arent you walking a little too fast? This is the kind of speed one
uses when theyre trying to get rid of this random annoying guy in front of the
train station."
"Ah, I dont need these."
Without looking back back, Iroha replied in a low tone.
Yup, that was cold. I guess she wont turn around even if I start shouting
Vanilla Vanilla high income[7]. So I continued to follow her footsteps.
If my memory serves me well, Iroha should be heading to the station a mile
ahead of us. Even if the trains we take go in opposite directions, well still
have to start out at the same station.
So I continued to step upon Irohas shadow for quite some time.
During this period, neither me or Iroha said a single word. Only the rustling
sounds of dried leaves, the ringing sounds of the bicycles passing by, and the
roaring sounds of the wind could be heard.

81


It is natural for Iroha to feel so frustrated. The conversation between me and
Yukinoshita never felt coordinated throughout the process, to the point that I
had to declare my opposition against her. Iroha who was unaware about the
competition going on in the Service Club probably felt really confused. I
even promised her that Ill talk it through properly before we enter the student
council, for things to result in such a way. I really felt sorry.
I guess its better if I apologize to her huh... as I was thinking, Iroha suddenly
stopped in her tracks. Standing on the small road beside a park, and under the
dim lights from the two vending machines nearby, she let out a weak,
frustrated breath.
She then turned around, looking at me speechlessly. She then pointed her
finger at the vending machine while remaining silent.
Is she asking for a treat? Well, if this can change her mood for the better, then
its definitely a worthwhile investment. But to look it in another way, shes
also offering a peace treaty through me buying her a drink. What a nice
person....
I put some coins into the vending machine and started to choose drinks.
Warm max coffee and...milk tea? No, perhaps bean soup is a better option......
or corn soup should be fine too. Eh, whatever. I then pressed on the button.
I then handed over the drinks that I chosen at random, Max coffee on my
right hand, bean soup on the other. Iroha looked at my drinks of choice and
shown a sign of disgust.
"Why does it have to be these two..."
While complaining, probably thinking that its not nice to straight up refuse,
she took the can of bean soup reluctantly. Chiba residents are surprisingly
incompatible with Max coffee huh...
She then squatted down, leaning her back onto the vending machine, took of
her gloves, open up the bean soup, and took a sip. Releasing a puff of white
gas in the process.



good person. Such a beautiful mentor pupil love...That Iroha, who gets
scolded by Hiratsuka on a daily basis, and always shrugs off her comment
with a poker face.... Hiratsuka sensei, your love has really reached into your
students hearts...
As I was feeling moved, Iroha silently gazed away and whispered.
"Ah, well, yeah, I dont... to that kind of degree you know."
"Erm? What? What did you just say?"
But then again, this sounded more like a shitty excuse than an actual reason.
Iroha cleared up her throat through a few light coughs, then made a really
cute smile, and looked at me teasingly.
"Well, isnt senpai the exact same kind of person? The kind of person who,
will tell himself that he didnt manage to do anything, and feel regretful over
it."
"Well yeah, I guess so..."
It is true that Im currently feeling regretful at the moment, which made my
true feelings blend into my voice, giving it a sense of solidness. Iroha then
nodded in satisfaction.
"Im probably this type of person too."
Her words surprised me a little. As I looked at her in confusion, Iroha made a
pale, lonely smile, and looked into the distance.
"I mean even for someone like me, I dont actually have a lot of friends, isnt
so?"
"What kind of person did think you look from the outside..."
"Uhm hmm."
"Please continue"

86


Realizing that Ive interrupted her, I nodded a few times as an apology, and
allowed her to continue. Iroha gave me a cold look, and sighed deeply, she
then lowered her head, playing with a small stone beside her shoes, and
slowly continued to speak.
"I only have you senpais. Which is why, I wanted to properly send of you,
Yukino and Yui senpai, Hayama senpai...and even Tobe senpai and a lot of
my other senpais off."
Her intermittent words weaved themselves into a gentle sound, which made
the edges of my mouth to lose tension. Boi, what an incredible kouhai that I
have here. If I dont reply her with a joking manner, I might really wet my
eyes before I know it.
"Ahaha, were you always that good of a person?"
"Im doing this so that I wont have any regrets. It was all for myself, not for
the sake of you senpais alright."
Iroha emphasized her intent, and made a hmph sound while raising up her
chest. Under the illumination of the vending machine, her slightly reddish
ears were exposed among her swaying hair. I should probably pretend that I
never saw that.
To claim that all her actions were for the sake of herself, I dont necessarily
dislike such an attitude.
"...And thats why I wanted to make a prom."
Iroha looked up into the night sky with a dreamy expression, saying out her
wishes.
"Like this, to purposely work on something troublesome, spend a lot of time,
to think, to drown deep in thoughts, to the point where we feel stressful,
panicked, and starting to feel tired of each other ... and finally find ourselves
at peace, letting go of something we once held dear to. Is this not a refreshing
way to bid farewell?"

87


Looking at how Iroha raised up both of her arms with a wow, I finally
understood what she was talking about.
That process she said of is probably the path that I once walked on. Can I
struggle till the end in such an unpleasant way, and willingly accept our
separation?
"... Well, its not that hard to understand."
"Really?"
Asked Iroha half teasingly towards the words that went out of my mouth.
Even if I knew that she was joking around, her eyes that are staring at me
shone with sincerity. So, I remained silent, only showing her a faint smile.
"If thats the case..."
Saying that, Iroha pulled onto the my scarf and stood up. She the made a turn
with her arm, and wrapped it around my neck like a gymnastic ribbon.
"Then be a little serious."
Even though shes still wearing a smile on her face, yet using a tone
completely different from the joking sounds from just now, she rebuked me.
This distance where we can feel each others white breath, and the surprise
from being scolded by a girl who is younger than me, made me froze for a
moment.

88


89


"Ah, ah, sorry..."
I took a few millimeters of distance away from her, and readjusted my scarf.
In order to hide my surprised and blushing face ninja style.
Seeing my reaction, Iroha sighed deeply, and then grabbed onto the corner of
my scarf, playing with it.
"If you start acting more serious, I cant get myself to feel serious too. Its a
problem alright, this kind of thing. Its so annoying to think of, its so hard to
deal with, and its so troublesome. Like very very troublesome."
Said Iroha, as she tightens the scarf, pinching it onto my chest. After she
beautifully rolled the scarf to the point no air could pass through its gaps, she
gave me a neko punch across the scarf.
"Ouch it hurts..."
Across the soft gloves and tightly wrapped scarf, I dont feel any pain from
her fist at all.
Yet, its sensation continues to echo solidly within my chest.

90


3-2
I turned on the lights in the living room, and whispered that I have returned.
However no one responded, only the chilly air swirls within the house.
My parents are still at work, Komachi might have gone out too. So wheres
our beloved cat ... I made some thinking, and flipped up the quilt placed over
the heater. Among the darkness, a pair of flashy things could be seen, my
eyes lined up with that of Kamakuras, whos lying down comfortably beside
our heating machine.
Kamakura simply stared at my face, not meowing nor growling, staying
motionless. Telling me through its eyes "Human, the cold air is entering,
hurry up and close the kotatsu." Huh, it greets Komachi whenever Komachi
she comes back, but treats me with such an attitude? Why cant he be a little
more close to me, guess Kamakura doesnt like me getting near him huh... I
felt uneasy with that thought, telling him "Im back.", let go of the blanket,
while turning on the switch to the heater, which tends to be turned off when
no one is left in the house... Time to warm myself up...
Since the cat already had its share of air conditioning, its time for the human
to enjoy his. I pressed on the remote control, adjusting the air conditioner to
greenhouse mode. Warm air then started to blow out, which made me finally
feel comfortable. I untied the scarf wrapped around my neck, and took a deep
breath.
I would usually spend the next few hours laying around lazily, but I dont
have that much free time to stay comfy right now.
After taking off my coat, I lay down on the sofa. Held my phone in my hands,
and started to search for information. The keywords being, prom nights.
I will make the prom happen, even though I made such a solid statement,
and even though me and Yukinoshita have decided on the directions well
take on separately. Im still lacking actual content and resources.


