Bringing up codependency will only stress us off. So for now its better to
avoid dealing with this matter, and work on the other important issues. Our
thoughts might differ, but we have the common topic of making the prom a
success, and that should allow us to have a constructive discussion.
But man, why is Iroha still putting up that doubtful face...
"How to start up the conversation huh...cant say that I trust senpai on that."
"Yeah, sure sucks to have low credibility."
Being self aware of my life decisions that hardly earned me any credibility, I
shrugged lightly.
Iroha then stood silent for a moment as if shes trying to observe something,
and let out a deep sigh. Guess shes just felt speechless towards me.
"Senpai, youre being overprotective again."
As Iroha said so, she walked towards me, gripped onto the edges of her skirt,
and gently sat beside me. She held onto her forehead, slightly lifting her chin.
Her hair rustled lightly as they moved across her elbows, glimmering under
the sunset, she started to gaze at somewhere beyond the windows in front of
us.
"Im sure that, Yukinoshita senpai is trying her best here. Not that I cant
understand how she felt."
"...Well, she definitely is."
I lay down my hands behind me, and stared at the ceiling above.
Perhaps Irohas respond is a better idea. When someone has the intent to
complete something alone, for the others to take a step back and see things
through is probably whats better for that person
"Even so...you still plan to help her?"

43


Looking towards the direction of her voice, Irohas hand continued to lay on
her forehead, while slightly turning her head towards me, as if shes
observing my reactions. Even if this action felt pretty childish, very cute, but
a chilling sense of seriousness lies within her eyes.
"...That is my intention."
While I cant trust my dead fish eyeballs to make me look serious at all, I
tried to compensate by deepening my tone. Iroha stayed silent for a while,
seemingly considering something, then asked me in a soft tone:
"Even if...doing so wouldnt benefit Yukinoshita senpai at all, youll still offer
your aid?
"I never really acted out on the intent of benefiting anyone in the first place,
so Im just doing the usual here...yeah."
"Doing the usual...huh."
I nodded in reply as she muttered those words in a confused tone. Iroha then
laid her head down, while I turned my head to look at the windows
The outcomes have always been the same.
My words and actions have always end up being far from the correct
solution. An endless cycle of misunderstanding things and making mistakes,
even my apology didnt end up well, like a row of buttons that continue to
end up in the wrong hole of the shirt.
This has been repeating throughout the whole year, and before I realize it,
winter is almost over, the strong winds that indicates the incoming of spring
rattles the windows, breaking this short moment of silence.
"To be honest, I dont think that Yukinoshita senpai will accept your offer."
"Indeed..."
I accidentally let out a deep sigh, Iroha then came closer and continued
saying:
44


"In fact, youll probably be cruelly rejected."
"Thats probably the case..."
I sighed once again, Iroha moved even closer and stared at me:
"Even so, you still want to help?"
"Of course Ill help..."
Hearing my answer that was followed up by another sigh, Iroha opened her
mouth wide while leaning her head to her right:
"Huh!? But why bruh?"
"Well for why Im doing so..."
Is it really that shocking, she even stopped using honorifics at this point, not
that it really matters...But, did she forgot what she said in the first place...
"Werent you the one who asked for my help in the first place..."
As I said that, Iroha looks frozen for a moment, blinked her eyes for a few
times. Then took a quick step back, and then shook her hands, while saying
rapidly:
"Wha...what? Are you doing it for me?! What the hell do you have a crush on
me or something even though I have always received your help even though
you always treated me nicely and even though I dont dislike you but there
are too many things that need to be cleared up for now so lets put this off for
another time sorrymasen."
She quickly followed up with a deep bow. Which I responded by nodding my
head in satisfaction.
"Ah yes, now thats what Im looking for. It sounds different from the usual
but whatever."
"Whats with this comment...its the same as the usual isnt it?"

45


Muttered Iroha unhappily, she seems to have glared at me too. Yeah
whatever, thats the reaction I expected...taking a distance away from me as I
lie down feeling exhausted, Iroha pointed at her cheeks with her index finger,
while saying with a poker face.
"I wont mind if you use me as an excuse, though."
"Bad excuse, and its not the real reason after all..."
Iroha ignored my correction, and continued poking her cheek, looking
troubled:
"But to be fair, I doubt that wouldnt be the kind of reason Yukinoshita senpai
will accept either."
"Of course its not...how did we loop back to this? But hey, at least our great
Irohasu can help by saying a few goods throughout our conversation, no?"
"Eh...I dont want to... Also it impossible for me to do so."
"Impossible... Even answering that in an instant..."
Wait, did she seriously just said I dont want to? As I looked towards her,
wondering if I misheard Mada Mada for Yada Yada, Iroha made a soft
cough, then patted on her chest for no reason and said:
"Yes, a girls decision cannot be easily be changed. Well, but if its something
decided by someone else we can simply make amends to it, if that decision is
a pain we can act like we forgotten it."
"Youre the worst..."
Nonono, thats just you isnt it? Its not a girls exclusive thing, but varies from
one to another. The kind of equality where everyone can be All Might is
something that a person without talents like me believes in.
As she turned back towards me, Iroha said with a worried face.
"And considering that its Yukinoshita senpai were dealing with here, its

46


going to be hard isnt it..."
"Of course, of course it would be..."
Not because its a girls decision, but Yukinoshitas decision, a decision that I
cant go against easily. Looking back at my year long experiences of
interacting with her, its obvious that Yukinoshitas honesty and seriousness
wont allow her to take back those words that easily.
Shutting her eyes closed, crossing her arms, Iroha made a short groan and
said.
"For this time, I can feel that she has been caring for me a lot...so I felt like
supporting her decision too."
She then stated her final stand with a bitter smile:
"Which is why, I cant bring myself to help out in persuading her, Im sorry
senpai."
I told her not to worry while making my best smile possible, which she
replied with a gentle nod. For my random idea of her saying some good
things to Yukinoshita, she listened properly and even considered things
thoroughly. I have to say, Isshiki Iroha really is a much decent person than
how I used to judge her. Which made me feel sorry for attempting to drag her
into such a messy issue.
Yes, I should be the one to do the planning.
...Now then, how should I tell her exactly? I cant figure it out, she is truly a
big trouble, that girl...but when it comes to being a troublesome Im the same
as her, perhaps even more troublesome in comparison.
I started to rub on my forehead to have a better blood flow around my brain,
while doing so, Iroha kept staring at me without making a sound.
"......"
"What is it?"
47


I asked as I realize her view focusing on me, she shook her head and
answered.
"Not really, I was just thinking on how persistent you are."
"Ah...well yes."
To hear such a direct comment, while being stared by her, I find myself in a
lack myself of words. Thus I could only reply in such a short, incomplete
manner. Iroha slowly walked near me until reaching an arms distance, while
continuing to look into my eyes.
"But why? Being rejected by Yukinoshita senpai by herself, and after hearing
such words from Haruno senpai. For what exact reason are you pushing
yourself this much? When it comes to such a sticky situation one would
simply stay away as far as possible, isnt it so."
She phrased her question in a way that doesnt allow me a chance to answer.
Even if I could, I doubt that I can come out with a proper answer.
Iroha steps closer every time she asks a question, while I move back to
maintain our distance, to the point I could feel the back of my legs pressing
itself onto the bench.
"Theres a lot of reasons behind it..."
Realizing that there is no further space for me to move away, I could only
avoid looking directly at her, but Iroha proceeded to grab onto my tie.
"Please answer me seriously, senpai."
Iroha forcefully re turned my head towards her, the obvious twist on my
necktie tells me that shes applying a lot of strength onto it.
Im unable to look away, neither could I avert my line of view from the image
of Irohas soft lips and glowing eyes. In front of her determined expression, I
could only do my best to open my heavy mouth.
"I swear, there really are a lot of reasons behind it, its impossible to state each
48


of them clearly just yet..."
"Its fine even if you said it vaguely."
Iroha does not give any room for me to play around with words, removing all
chances for me to remain silent.
But how exactly should I phrase it to make her understand better.
These painful feelings are not something that could be simply expressed
through words, but whats more troublesome about them is that they could be
described and be interpreted as anything within the acceptable range. Such a
translucent, unclear, shapeless thing. To apply existing words onto it will
only slowly chip it off from the sides to the point it reaches degradation,
ending up as a total mistake.
More importantly, I could not accept the act of simplifying things into one
single sentence.
Up until now, Ive always relied on excuses like bringing my sister into the
picture, or stating that Im just doing my job. Even just now, I tried using
Irohas request as an excuse, something that she would usually get along with.
But what Iroha Isshiki wanted is not such dishonest words. Her eyes keep
telling me that,
it doesnt need to come with a motive, it doesnt need a proper elaboration,
its fine for me to make it unclear, its fine for me to say it vaguely.
Show me your answer.
"......I have a responsibility."
"Responsibility, huh."
Muttered Iroha in a low voice, she took a short breath, and slightly inclined
her head.

