It’s Mid-December. Ayanokoji Group meeting - Yukimura reveals, that no one from the first years got expelled. Sakura says she wants the classes to be equal so everyone can graduate from class A. Miyake says that there’s a rumour that a special test will be held to decide their ranking if they end 3rd year with equally as many points. Ayanokoji notices that Sakura has become more talkative. 

Miyake brings up that class C seems strange recently. He has realised that Ryuuen’s pawns have been following them around lately. They can’t confront them due to a lack of evidence and fear of being painted as the bad guy. Ayanokoji notes that another class has been spying on them, which Miyake hasn’t noticed. 

He starts thinking, that Ryuuen has already narrowed the suspected people down into a small group that contains him and Karuizawa. He states it’s a question of when Ryuuen uses Karuizawa to figure him out. 

The others reveal, that there’s now only an 80 point gap between class D and C and that class C had an incident, where they lost 100 class points. The group suspects that class C is self-destructing. 

Ayanokoji suspects, that Ryuuen got private points in return for him using their S-points for partying and giving Katsuragi the leftovers. They start talking about relationships with Hasebe teases the boys. As they talk about their plans for Christmas Sakura starts laughing and crying from happiness of being able to talk like this to people. They then decide to go for dinner. 

While the group goes to dinner, Ayanokoji excuses himself to go to the toilet, but actually goes to confront the girl tailing him, class A’s Kamuro. He starts openly thinking of reasons why she’d tail him, threatening to report her bad job to Sakayanagi. He gets her to reveal that Sakayanagi is using her weakness to make her tail him. After she threatens to tip-off Ryuuen that he’s X, he proposes that she can keep tailing him but to only report to Sakayanagi in exchange that Ryuuen isn’t tipped off or anyone for that matter. Kamuro accepts and leaves