"...I'm here to help."
"You can't <3 "
"Eh......"
Iroha then moved closer to me and lay out her arms horizontally, as if she is
blocking me while asserting her dominance.
But she seemed to realize that I have no intention to leave either, probably
knowing this situation will probably last very long without any of us giving
up, Iroha then asked:
"So...you already knew about the current situation of the prom?"
"Yes."
As she heard my answer, Iroha then knocked on her head with a troubled
face. After a few moments of silence, she looked back at the room again. She
then took a few steps away from the room, while signaling me to follow her.
It seems that she doesn't want our conversation to be overheard by
Yukinoshita, at least that seems to be her intention.
Or I can just ignore her and go straight into the room instead.
As I sneaked bit by bit towards the door, Iroha who already expected me to
do so, grabbed onto my cuffs, and dragged me far far away from the room.
Since I can't just shake off her small hands, I had no choice but to follow
Iroha's lead, after walking a distance in the corridor, we took a turn, and
stopped at the open corridor that links the main school building to the special
block.
A long bench was placed at the walls of this air corridor, students tend to
gather around here in between classes, but now that its late, the only things
here are the chilly air that fills in the atmosphere and the dim light from the
sunset.
After walking to the bench, Iroha finally let go of me, I rubbed on the cuff of
41


my sleeve to make sure that there are no wrinkles, a lingering warmth could
felt as I touched it, which made my cheeks tickle a little. Geez don't just hold
onto my sleeves all of a sudden, this makes me feel shy you know.
"Senpai, I appreciate your intention to help, I personally feel happy about it
too but..."
As Iroha made a pause while leaning her back onto the window, she
awkwardly looked to the ground, along that long eyelashes of hers.
"But I can't let you in just yet, more specifically I can't let you meet her."
"Why?"
I asked while sitting onto the bench. Iroha lay down her hands and put it
behind her, sticking onto the windows.
"To be honest I was thinking that things will get more troublesome if senpai
came over immediately, so maybe its better if you could come over a bit
more later."
"Well... yes, maybe you're right."
Its not hard to figure out where she is coming from, since Iroha was there
when we had that argument. It makes sense for her to be worried, especially
after witnessing such a pointless dispute. I felt anxious about meeting up with
Yukinoshita too, but even so, I can't just take a step backwards.
"...Its fine, I plan to speak to her properly."
"I P L A N T O S P E A K T O H E R P R O P E R L Y. Eh~~ you sure
about that senpai?"
She stared at me in a very doubtful way...the edges of her lips were twisting
as if its making a 'ngyeh' sound, her eyebrows look tightly wrinkled too.
What's with this level of disbelief...her expression made me feel uneasy, so I
slowly averted my eyes, and made a soft cough.
"Its true, its true all right? I did make a proper planning on how to startup the
42


conversation."
Bringing up codependency will only stress us off. So for now its better to
avoid dealing with this matter, and work on the other important issues. Our
thoughts might differ, but we have the common topic of making the prom a
success, and that should allow us to have a constructive discussion.
But man, why is Iroha still putting up that doubtful face...
"How to start up the conversation huh...can't say that I trust senpai on that."
"Yeah, sure sucks to have low credibility."
Being self aware of my life decisions that hardly earned me any credibility, I
shrugged lightly.
Iroha then stood silent for a moment as if she's trying to observe something,
and let out a deep sigh. Guess she's just felt speechless towards me.
"Senpai, you're being overprotective again."
As Iroha said so, she walked towards me, gripped onto the edges of her skirt,
and gently sat beside me. She held onto her forehead, slightly lifting her chin.
Her hair rustled lightly as they moved across her elbows, glimmering under
the sunset, she started to gaze at somewhere beyond the windows in front of
us.
"I'm sure that, Yukinoshita senpai is trying her best here. Not that I can't
understand how she felt."
"...Well, she definitely is."
I lay down my hands behind me, and stared at the ceiling above.
Perhaps Iroha's respond is a better idea. When someone has the intent to
complete something alone, for the others to take a step back and see things
through is probably what's better for that person
"Even so...you still plan to help her?"

43


Looking towards the direction of her voice, Iroha's hand continued to lay on
her forehead, while slightly turning her head towards me, as if she's
observing my reactions. Even if this action felt pretty childish, very cute, but
a chilling sense of seriousness lies within her eyes.
"...That is my intention."
While I can't trust my dead fish eyeballs to make me look serious at all, I
tried to compensate by deepening my tone. Iroha stayed silent for a while,
seemingly considering something, then asked me in a soft tone:
"Even if...doing so wouldn't benefit Yukinoshita senpai at all, you'll still offer
your aid?
"I never really acted out on the intent of benefiting anyone in the first place,
so I'm just doing the usual here...yeah."
"Doing the usual...huh."
I nodded in reply as she muttered those words in a confused tone. Iroha then
laid her head down, while I turned my head to look at the windows
The outcomes have always been the same.
My words and actions have always end up being far from the correct
solution. An endless cycle of misunderstanding things and making mistakes,
even my apology didn't end up well, like a row of buttons that continue to
end up in the wrong hole of the shirt.
This has been repeating throughout the whole year, and before I realize it,
winter is almost over, the strong winds that indicates the incoming of spring
rattles the windows, breaking this short moment of silence.
"To be honest, I don't think that Yukinoshita senpai will accept your offer."
"Indeed..."
I accidentally let out a deep sigh, Iroha then came closer and continued
saying:
44


"In fact, you'll probably be cruelly rejected."
"That's probably the case..."
I sighed once again, Iroha moved even closer and stared at me:
"Even so, you still want to help?"
"Of course I'll help..."
Hearing my answer that was followed up by another sigh, Iroha opened her
mouth wide while leaning her head to her right:
"Huh!? But why bruh?"
"Well for why I'm doing so..."
Is it really that shocking, she even stopped using honorifics at this point, not
that it really matters...But, did she forgot what she said in the first place...
"Weren't you the one who asked for my help in the first place..."
As I said that, Iroha looks frozen for a moment, blinked her eyes for a few
times. Then took a quick step back, and then shook her hands, while saying
rapidly:
"Wha...what? Are you doing it for me?! What the hell do you have a crush on
me or something even though I have always received your help even though
you always treated me nicely and even though I don't dislike you but there
are too many things that need to be cleared up for now so lets put this off for
another time sorrymasen."
She quickly followed up with a deep bow. Which I responded by nodding my
head in satisfaction.
"Ah yes, now that's what I'm looking for. It sounds different from the usual
but whatever."
"What's with this comment...its the same as the usual isn't it?"

45


Muttered Iroha unhappily, she seems to have glared at me too. Yeah
whatever, that's the reaction I expected...taking a distance away from me as I
lie down feeling exhausted, Iroha pointed at her cheeks with her index finger,
while saying with a poker face.
"I won't mind if you use me as an excuse, though."
"Bad excuse, and its not the real reason after all..."
Iroha ignored my correction, and continued poking her cheek, looking
troubled:
"But to be fair, I doubt that wouldn't be the kind of reason Yukinoshita senpai
will accept either."
"Of course its not...how did we loop back to this? But hey, at least our great
Irohasu can help by saying a few goods throughout our conversation, no?"
"Eh...I don't want to... Also it impossible for me to do so."
"Impossible... Even answering that in an instant..."
Wait, did she seriously just said 'I don't want to'? As I looked towards her,
wondering if I misheard Mada Mada for Yada Yada, Iroha made a soft
cough, then patted on her chest for no reason and said:
"Yes, a girl's decision cannot be easily be changed. Well, but if its something
decided by someone else we can simply make amends to it, if that decision is
a pain we can act like we forgotten it."
"You're the worst..."
Nonono, that's just you isn't it? Its not a girls exclusive thing, but varies from
one to another. The kind of equality where everyone can be All Might is
something that a person without talents like me believes in.
As she turned back towards me, Iroha said with a worried face.
"And considering that its Yukinoshita senpai we're dealing with here, its

46


going to be hard isn't it..."
"Of course, of course it would be..."
Not because its a girl's decision, but Yukinoshita's decision, a decision that I
can't go against easily. Looking back at my year long experiences of
interacting with her, its obvious that Yukinoshita's honesty and seriousness
won't allow her to take back those words that easily.
Shutting her eyes closed, crossing her arms, Iroha made a short groan and
said.
"For this time, I can feel that she has been caring for me a lot...so I felt like
supporting her decision too."
She then stated her final stand with a bitter smile:
"Which is why, I can't bring myself to help out in persuading her, I'm sorry
senpai."
I told her not to worry while making my best smile possible, which she
replied with a gentle nod. For my random idea of her saying some good
things to Yukinoshita, she listened properly and even considered things
thoroughly. I have to say, Isshiki Iroha really is a much decent person than
how I used to judge her. Which made me feel sorry for attempting to drag her
into such a messy issue.
Yes, I should be the one to do the planning.
...Now then, how should I tell her exactly? I can't figure it out, she is truly a
big trouble, that girl...but when it comes to being a troublesome I'm the same
as her, perhaps even more troublesome in comparison.
I started to rub on my forehead to have a better blood flow around my brain,
while doing so, Iroha kept staring at me without making a sound.
"......"
"What is it?"
47


I asked as I realize her view focusing on me, she shook her head and
answered.
"Not really, I was just thinking on how persistent you are."
"Ah...well yes."
To hear such a direct comment, while being stared by her, I find myself in a
lack myself of words. Thus I could only reply in such a short, incomplete
manner. Iroha slowly walked near me until reaching an arm's distance, while
continuing to look into my eyes.
"But why? Being rejected by Yukinoshita senpai by herself, and after hearing
such words from Haruno senpai. For what exact reason are you pushing
yourself this much? When it comes to such a sticky situation one would
simply stay away as far as possible, isn't it so."
She phrased her question in a way that doesn't allow me a chance to answer.
Even if I could, I doubt that I can come out with a proper answer.
Iroha steps closer every time she asks a question, while I move back to
maintain our distance, to the point I could feel the back of my legs pressing
itself onto the bench.
"There's a lot of reasons behind it..."
Realizing that there is no further space for me to move away, I could only
avoid looking directly at her, but Iroha proceeded to grab onto my tie.
"Please answer me seriously, senpai."
Iroha forcefully re turned my head towards her, the obvious twist on my
necktie tells me that she's applying a lot of strength onto it.
I'm unable to look away, neither could I avert my line of view from the image
of Iroha's soft lips and glowing eyes. In front of her determined expression, I
could only do my best to open my heavy mouth.
"I swear, there really are a lot of reasons behind it, its impossible to state each
48


of them clearly just yet..."
"Its fine even if you said it vaguely."
Iroha does not give any room for me to play around with words, removing all
chances for me to remain silent.
But how exactly should I phrase it to make her understand better.
These painful feelings are not something that could be simply expressed
through words, but what's more troublesome about them is that they could be
described and be interpreted as anything within the acceptable range. Such a
translucent, unclear, shapeless thing. To apply existing words onto it will
only slowly chip it off from the sides to the point it reaches degradation,
ending up as a total mistake.
More importantly, I could not accept the act of simplifying things into one
single sentence.
Up until now, I've always relied on excuses like bringing my sister into the
picture, or stating that I'm just doing my job. Even just now, I tried using
Iroha's request as an excuse, something that she would usually get along with.
But what Iroha Isshiki wanted is not such dishonest words. Her eyes keep
telling me that,
it doesn't need to come with a motive, it doesn't need a proper elaboration,
its fine for me to make it unclear, its fine for me to say it vaguely.
'Show me your answer.'
"......I have a responsibility."
"Responsibility, huh."
Muttered Iroha in a low voice, she took a short breath, and slightly inclined
her head.

49


Did it sound too confusing to her? She lowered her head and seemingly
thought for a while, then looked back up, signaling me to continue.
I nodded in reply, and started assembling words in my head. Probably
because Iroha is grabbing onto it, my slightly loose necktie now felt very
tight, I find it hard to breath, and my chest felt unusually hot.
"For things to become so complicated, and reaching such a state of
codependency, its safe to say that I am responsible for causing all of these.
Which is why I wanted to clean up my own mess, not a decision to change
things up, but simply how I have always done it. That's all that there is." as I
finally said out my conclusion that sounded like an answer, Iroha's hand let
go of my necktie, and slipped down as it loses its strength.
"Ahaha...my bad, it sounded so different what my expectations, that I spaced
out a bit right there. Ah...your necktie is completely messed up too, I'm really
sorry."
"Ah, don't mind, it was kinda twisted before you grabbed on it anyway..."
Even after hearing that, Iroha seemed to think that she shouldn't have done
that, muttering words like yabai desu, while anxiously rubbing my necktie
with her hands, attempting to straighten it. She rubbed on it so hard, that my
body wobbled along her movements.
Her hands stopped all of a sudden.
"Those words that you said just now, can you properly tell the same to
Yukinoshita senpai?"
Iroha's eyes are still focused onto my necktie, making a weird expression that
I can't identify.
I couldn't answer her in time, so Iroha pressed on my necktie again, urging
me for an answer. Her flaxen brown started to rustle as if they're teasing me.
Her cute expression that seemed like she was joking gave me a peace of
mind, which made me smile before I realized it.

50


".....I'll definitely say it, but the real question here is whether these words can
reach her."
"Hmph, truly a troublesome bunch of senpais."
Iroha looked up with a speechless kind of smile, and then slapped on my
necktie.
"For me as long as the Service Club would help me out then there will always
be less things to worry of. So go for it alright."
Iroha swiftly stood up, after taking a few steps, she turned back at me, and
waved in a way that signals me to follow her. Guess she finally allowed me
to enter the student council room.
I lifted up my stiff body, and walked towards her.

51


2-2
As I entered the student council room alongside Iroha, a fragrant scent could
be smelled, which seems to be some kind of indoor perfume. Unlike the one
we have in the Service Club room, its a more refreshingly sweet fruity smell,
without the clear fragrance of tea within in.
The student council room isn't really big, and the stacking piles of items
within the room shows a sign of its long history. In the center of all this mess
is a small space that looks unusually tidy and clean.
Beside the poignantly designed chairman table places a simple work desk,
where Yukinoshita is standing behind it, while looking at a white board.
Considering that no other student council members are in here, Yukinoshita
and Iroha probably stayed here by themselves to discuss on a new course of
plan. Words in red blue and black could be seen on the whiteboard, as she
notices someone else entering, Yukinoshita turned her head over.
"Oh, Hikigaya kun."
"Sup."
Yukinoshita acted naturally even after seeing me, showing a faint smile, as if
she wasn't affected emotionally by the self restraining order.
"Isshiki san, lets have a short break shall we."
Saying that, she unlocked the fixating valve on the white board, flipped the
board around to show its other surface, and pushed it aside.
Yukinoshita proceeded to prepare tea, she turned on the electric kettle in this
room, and took out tea bags while waiting for the water to boil.
Looking at her doing these actions in a skillful manner, I felt reminiscent all
of a sudden. As she realizes my sights laying on her,
52


Yukinoshita shifted her eyes, and stopped at a chair in front of her desk,
signaling me to take a seat.
The popping sounds of water boiling can be heard as I pulled the chair to
make space. Iroha then walked lively towards the chairman desk, sitting on a
luxurious looking armchair. I mean that chair is cool looking and all, BUT
CAN YOU DO THIS!? Only 399 by the way. (I'm doing my part Pewds)
Soon, Yukinoshita pushed over a cup that looks different from our usual tea
set. As I thanked her, I held up the cup of tea, only to smell an unfamiliar
scent.
"Have you heard of it?"
She asked an unspecific question, but its obvious on what topic are we
talking about here.
"Ah, yes. Since I was beside Yuigahama just now."
Yukinoshita seemed surprised for a second, but quickly went back to her
calm expression from before.
"...I see."
"I already talked to Hiratsuka sensei to learn about the details. Is it fine on
your side? I can help if there's anything that requires my assistance..."
As I was halfway through my sentence, Yukinoshita brought the paper cup
near to her mouth, took a light sip of tea to moisturize her mouth and
answered:
"There is no need for that, as we're already working on the appropriate
countermeasures."
Comparing to the warmth from the cup of tea in my hands, our conversation
seemed to have started in a cold awkward tone. Being uneasy of such an

53


atmosphere, Iroha made a few twists on her body, while glancing towards
me, telling me to "please say it nicely".
No wait a second Iroha, for a conversation to work, stuff like directions,
sequences, procedures and timing, even bravery are all relevant essentials
isn't it? Man, it just feel so difficult to make a proper conversation. Even now,
my attempt to make a test on her intention to talk about this topic got shut
down immediately.
Anyway for the conversation to continue, an appropriate head start is
required, which isn't really something I'm used to.
I made a few blows over my cup of tea, thinking on how should I start the
conversation. Soon after the hot sensation starts to fade away from the tea,
reaching a temperature where my cat tongue can take it in, I took a sip of the
tea, and asked with a soft voice.
"So... what's your plan?"
Upon hearing my question, Yukinoshita looked into my eyes, as if she's
trying to instigate something out of me.
"We're still reviewing our existing proposal, for now there's nothing much to
say about our plans."
Reviewing, huh...But considering all those words that I saw on the
whiteboard just now, and Iroha glancing towards Yukinoshita with a weird
look, it seems that the main direction they'll be taking has already been
decided, but she didn't want to talk about it.
She even flipped the whiteboard around so that no one could see it, perhaps
forcing an answer is not the best course of action.
In that case, its better to talk in a more roundabout way, since the
conversation will continue to be derailed with my current method. I looked
towards Iroha and asked.

54


"Is there anything to do right now?"
"...For now, nothing much."
Iroha looked away while answering, but she didn't look towards Yukinoshita
either, so its hard to say whether this is a lie or not.
But looking at the absence of the other student council committees, and the
lax atmosphere within this room. It does seems that the situation wasn't as
urgent as it seems to be, at least there's no specific action that has to be done
immediately.
"So to put it in other words, right now is not the suitable time to execute
immediate actions?"
"Of course, after all we only received the self restrain order by today."
Yukinoshita replied the conclusion that I muttered out accidentally, with the
same calm tone. For someone who just received the notice not long ago, her
words lack a sense of anxiety one would usually expect. Most probably she
too, has already noticed the other meaning behind 'apply self restrain', which
is why she can remain her composure right now.
For the self restraining order from the school's executives, me and
Yukinoshita share a similar view on the school's intent. A common topic is
the spice to inducing an active conversation, I can probably touch on this
topic a little more.
I looked back at Yukinoshita.
"But there are countermeasures that can be designed based on that isn't so.
After all it is only a restraining order, in fact straight out ignoring such an
order is possible in case you're desperate."
The ones who gave out the restraining order are the school executives,
specifically a concession they made towards Hiratsuka sensei. To request for
someone to apply self restrain, it also means handing over the right of action

55


to its subject, a wording that could be portrayed in a way where its subject is
allowed to make their decisions based on their own judgement. While its
original intent is to request the prom organizers to cancel the event without
them sounding to be forceful, Yukinoshita can intentionally misunderstood
its meaning, and complicate things further, by using the debate where they're
only asked to apply self restraint, but the final decision still lies in the hands
of the student council.
I said that with a bitter smile, being aware that Yukinoshita probably knows
better of the situation than I do.
Which Yukinoshita replied without raising her eyebrows:
"If possible I prefer not to take such a risk,"
"while using the ambiguity of the term against them could work. But simply
showing them an unyielding attitude won't be enough."
"I am aware of that too, so we'll only use this to open up a platform for
discussions."
Just as she said, to forcefully conduct the prom, is merely a self destructing
that will only work once. Such a reckless decision cannot be made if they still
plan to organize the prom for the years to come.
Their current plan is to apply their self restraining status as their means to
negotiate with the parents.
We might organize it without school supervision, we might set up the venue
at somewhere not within school grounds, we might do something that goes
beyond your imaginable level of extremeness, are you still fine with it?
Threatening them with such statements.
Even if the student council won't actually do such things, it is an effective
method to make the parents accept their request to negotiate.
It is the hard way to do things, but it will open up room for negotiation.

56


But what matters afterwards, is what material can they present during the
negotiation.
I stood up, and walked over to move the whiteboard. Yukinoshita sighed, but
did not attempt to stop me.
I pulled out the whiteboard and flipped it over.
As I expected, suggestions of the strategy they can take has been written on
the whiteboard, and other information that relates to the new direction the
prom will take.
It seems that they had quite a discussion, traces of their discussion were left
on every corner on the board has. There are two different kinds of
handwriting and writing style on the board, which seemingly belongs to
Yukinoshita and Iroha.
The sentences that mostly end with a question mark, but properly phrased and
written horizontally were probably written by Yukinoshita, while the clump
of sentences that end with a large exclamation mark seems to belong to Iroha.
Judging from the order those sentences were arranged in, Yukinoshita and
Iroha each came out with one suggestion at a time, and proceeded to
comment on each other's suggestion, in order to find out which idea is better
and the possible improvements.
"So you two came out with these ideas?"
"More accurately, I question Yukinoshita senpai's idea, while Yukinoshita
senpai refutes my suggestions."
"Is that so, then its quite the constructive discussion you had there."
Giving more than one suggestion is important when one reaches a stagnant
situation. At least they're able to more options, and both suggestions can
compromise with each other, but being too fixated on denying each other

57


won't make things progress either.
Only by forming an opposing situation, the discussion could move forward.
But merely pointing out whether the suggestions would work, will only make
them reach a 'yes or no' kind of conclusion.
So, exactly what kind of conclusion have came to...eh? Among all the written
things, I can't seem to spot something that feels identical to a conclusion, its
like reading through a note that only its owner can understand.
"...So, where's your conclusion?"
"Lets see...the ones in the red circle."
As Iroha answered, I took another look at the whiteboard, there are indeed a
few spots that are circled in red.
Gorgeous, wholesome, dress code restriction, supporting guidelines,
supervising officials, upload prohibited, OK!
That's all of them.
"Hmmm...I kinda understo...no wait wait wait, I don't understand what's
going on here at all."
Like, what is this, a spot the word game? I felt like I can understand it yet I
can't at the same time...what am I looking at exactly?
I looked back, hoping for an explanation.
Yukinoshita then placed her finger on the cup mouth, looking at the gently
swinging waves on the surface of the tea.
"I was still sorting things out when you came."
"Oh, that was...sorry for interrupting."

58


Yukinoshita sounded as if she was simply stating a fact with no intent of
blaming anyone, which made me stutter at my words. From how she was
standing in front of the board when I first stepped into the room, it does seem
that Yukinoshita was finalizing things. I apologized for my sudden
interruption, which she gently shook her head, telling me not to mind.
To shift away from this awkward atmosphere, I cleared up my throat and ask
with a clear voice:
"So, what are these words supposed to mean. I don't really get it"
This time, it was Yukinoshita who seemed awkward, pausing for a short
moment before she answered:
"...As I said, we're still reviewing the proposal."
She looked down and didn't say anything further. Well, considering that
Yukinoshita doesn't want me to be involved, it make sense that she would
prefer not to elaborate any further.
Which means, ready, se, no, Irohasu chan~ I briefly glanced at Iroha, which
she replied while showing a reluctant face.
"Um...to put it simple, our current focus is to... make amendments on our
clothing restrictions? Am I saying this right Yukinoshita senpai?"
As Iroha turned over to confirm with Yukinoshita, probably thinking that it's
not good to just ignore her, Yukinoshita answered reluctantly.
"We plan to enforce our dress code to prohibit extravagant or very revealing
clothes. After properly defining the proper requirements, we'll contact the
clothing renter from our side to prepare a suitable catalog."
"Oh..."
I see. Setting up a standard for the acceptable dresses, in order to guarantee
the wholesomeness on the appearances of the students during the event. And

59


most students will prefer renting clothes through the student council, so
they'll naturally have to adhere to the dress code guidelines. But there are also
exceptions...
"What about students who intends to wear their own clothes?"
Iroha then pointed towards the circled words and answered.
"Since most participants will be wearing clothes that meets our guidelines,
those students will most probably restrain themselves to not stand out too
much from the group."
"Right, peer pressure."
"That's not a nice word to describe it..."
Iroha glared at me, looking disgusted and unhappy. But isn't that exactly what
she meant...
Even then, I doubt that everyone would accept to blend in with the crowd. No
matter which era we're in there will always be that one eccentric person with
a thought like "I will walk my own path even if that means being different
from the others!! Look at my erotic image that makes me stand out from dem
plebs!! It's☆party☆time!!", while placing a Pichelle on top of their heads
(Ref 1: A Japan fashion magazine).
"But wouldn't there still be a few students who would wear ridiculous
clothing on the purpose of gaining attention? It is an important moment in
their school life, after all."
"We're aware of such a possibility. So existing countermeasures have already
been planned."
Yukinoshita gave a direct answer, but did not further elaborate on her
statement. But take a better look at these clues, and the answer will
eventually reveal itself.

60


