Chapter 1: Even so, Hikigaya Hachiman's daily life continues.
Drops of water ran down my cheeks, and caused a series of small ripples on the surface below. It
was an eerily, silent morning with only the echoing plopping sounds of water.
I slightly opened my drenched eyelids, and caught a blurry glimpse of the water surface glittering
from the sunlight shining through the window. Living in the filled wash basin was a familiar set of
melancholic and drowsy eyes. I removed the cork stopper, and the faint cloudy water slowly
disappeared together with the oscillating reflection of my human image.
I roughly rubbed my face dry with a towel, and let out a deep breath. The odor of menthol from
the facial cleanser drifted through the air of the room. I looked in the mirror ahead, was met with a
face that carried its usual listless feature. However, it looked rather refreshed, partly due to the cooling
sensation of the water. My expression looked far better than it did compared to last night. Perhaps, it
was just that simple whenever something had ended.
Yesterday, the contest that dragged on for almost a year in the Service Club finally ended with my
loss. My faint breaths that penetrated the towel at my mouth appeared tinged with a sense of relief
instead of resignation. Now, it was all over.
The only thing left for me to do was to grant the wish I was entrusted with, or rather, to fulfill my
final obligation in my contract.
Yukinoshita Yukino's wish was to grant Yuigahama Yui's wish, the very one thing that only I could
do.
I patted my face with Nivea face lotion to prepare myself for what lie ahead and quickly rinsed my
hands. The season transitioned in accordance with the calendar, where it was natural for water to
become lukewarm, and for washing your face early in the morning to not feel like a hassle. My fingers,
however, were still cold to the touch. I wrapped them with my towel to warm them, and left the
washroom.
The interior of my house, while not particularly extravagant in size, was in a serene slumber, with
not even the slightest of a sound to be heard. Only the distinct ticking sounds of the wall clock
populated the empty living room.
On any other day at this time, I would normally be glued to my bed. As for my parents, they were
either still asleep, or had already gone to work due to the upcoming end-of-term hysteria at their
companies. I wasn't quite sure, but one way or the other, it didn't pose much of a problem.
I made my way to the kitchen, and flipped on the electric kettle. As I waited for the water to boil,
I shook a bottle of instant coffee powder into a mug, shaking one, and then shaking twice. Suddenly, a
large thump came from the living room door that then creaked open.
“Whoa... scary...” I whispered, taking a deep breath to relax my nerves from the scare. I timidly
turned my head towards the door and then spotted our beloved cat, Kamakura, yawning and stretching
boldly. I wasn't sure when, but he somehow acquired the ability to open the door by pouncing and
hanging onto the knob. It scared the hell out of me whenever he did it late at night.
I turned back to my mug, only to see a heap of instant coffee powder inside, the scare from
earlier apparently affecting my hand.
“Can you enter more quietly next time...? If this was a job interview, you'd fail instantly.”
Kamakura, of course, paid no heed to my warning, and proceeded to clean his face with his paws.
I looked at him in disdain until I saw Komachi entering the room from behind him in her pajamas. Upon
noticing, she rubbed her eyes and greeted me with a yawn.
“Oh, morning, onii-chan.”
“Yeah, morning,” I replied, nodding.
Komachi made her way to the refrigerator and took out a carton of milk. Meanwhile, I grabbed a
cup from the hanging cabinet, and silently offered it to her. She took the cup, thanking me in a
mumbled voice, and drowsily made her way to the kotatsu table. Kamakura followed suit while
pestering her for milk. Komachi toyed with him with her feet as he rubbed his head against her. She
then filled her cup with milk, and drank it in large gulps. After exhaling briefly, she appeared to have
woken up entirely. She opened her eyes, turned towards me, and did a double take.
“Wha!? You're up so early! Like, really early!”
“Wha... You're so slow... Like, really slow...”