"...I'm here to help."
"You can't <3 "
"Eh......"
Iroha then moved closer to me and lay out her arms horizontally, as if she is
blocking me while asserting her dominance.
But she seemed to realize that I have no intention to leave either, probably
knowing this situation will probably last very long without any of us giving
up, Iroha then asked:
"So...you already knew about the current situation of the prom?"
"Yes."
As she heard my answer, Iroha then knocked on her head with a troubled
face. After a few moments of silence, she looked back at the room again. She
then took a few steps away from the room, while signaling me to follow her.
It seems that she doesn't want our conversation to be overheard by
Yukinoshita, at least that seems to be her intention.
Or I can just ignore her and go straight into the room instead.
As I sneaked bit by bit towards the door, Iroha who already expected me to
do so, grabbed onto my cuffs, and dragged me far far away from the room.
Since I can't just shake off her small hands, I had no choice but to follow
Iroha's lead, after walking a distance in the corridor, we took a turn, and
stopped at the open corridor that links the main school building to the special
block.
A long bench was placed at the walls of this air corridor, students tend to
gather around here in between classes, but now that its late, the only things
here are the chilly air that fills in the atmosphere and the dim light from the
sunset.
After walking to the bench, Iroha finally let go of me, I rubbed on the cuff of
41


my sleeve to make sure that there are no wrinkles, a lingering warmth could
felt as I touched it, which made my cheeks tickle a little. Geez don't just hold
onto my sleeves all of a sudden, this makes me feel shy you know.
"Senpai, I appreciate your intention to help, I personally feel happy about it
too but..."
As Iroha made a pause while leaning her back onto the window, she
awkwardly looked to the ground, along that long eyelashes of hers.
"But I can't let you in just yet, more specifically I can't let you meet her."
"Why?"
I asked while sitting onto the bench. Iroha lay down her hands and put it
behind her, sticking onto the windows.
"To be honest I was thinking that things will get more troublesome if senpai
came over immediately, so maybe its better if you could come over a bit
more later."
"Well... yes, maybe you're right."
Its not hard to figure out where she is coming from, since Iroha was there
when we had that argument. It makes sense for her to be worried, especially
after witnessing such a pointless dispute. I felt anxious about meeting up with
Yukinoshita too, but even so, I can't just take a step backwards.
"...Its fine, I plan to speak to her properly."
"I P L A N T O S P E A K T O H E R P R O P E R L Y. Eh~~ you sure
about that senpai?"
She stared at me in a very doubtful way...the edges of her lips were twisting
as if its making a 'ngyeh' sound, her eyebrows look tightly wrinkled too.
What's with this level of disbelief...her expression made me feel uneasy, so I
slowly averted my eyes, and made a soft cough.
"Its true, its true all right? I did make a proper planning on how to startup the
42


conversation."
Bringing up codependency will only stress us off. So for now its better to
avoid dealing with this matter, and work on the other important issues. Our
thoughts might differ, but we have the common topic of making the prom a
success, and that should allow us to have a constructive discussion.
But man, why is Iroha still putting up that doubtful face...
"How to start up the conversation huh...can't say that I trust senpai on that."
"Yeah, sure sucks to have low credibility."
Being self aware of my life decisions that hardly earned me any credibility, I
shrugged lightly.
Iroha then stood silent for a moment as if she's trying to observe something,
and let out a deep sigh. Guess she's just felt speechless towards me.
"Senpai, you're being overprotective again."
As Iroha said so, she walked towards me, gripped onto the edges of her skirt,
and gently sat beside me. She held onto her forehead, slightly lifting her chin.
Her hair rustled lightly as they moved across her elbows, glimmering under
the sunset, she started to gaze at somewhere beyond the windows in front of
us.
"I'm sure that, Yukinoshita senpai is trying her best here. Not that I can't
understand how she felt."
"...Well, she definitely is."
I lay down my hands behind me, and stared at the ceiling above.
Perhaps Iroha's respond is a better idea. When someone has the intent to
complete something alone, for the others to take a step back and see things
through is probably what's better for that person
"Even so...you still plan to help her?"

43


Looking towards the direction of her voice, Iroha's hand continued to lay on
her forehead, while slightly turning her head towards me, as if she's
observing my reactions. Even if this action felt pretty childish, very cute, but
a chilling sense of seriousness lies within her eyes.
"...That is my intention."
While I can't trust my dead fish eyeballs to make me look serious at all, I
tried to compensate by deepening my tone. Iroha stayed silent for a while,
seemingly considering something, then asked me in a soft tone:
"Even if...doing so wouldn't benefit Yukinoshita senpai at all, you'll still offer
your aid?
"I never really acted out on the intent of benefiting anyone in the first place,
so I'm just doing the usual here...yeah."
"Doing the usual...huh."
I nodded in reply as she muttered those words in a confused tone. Iroha then
laid her head down, while I turned my head to look at the windows
The outcomes have always been the same.
My words and actions have always end up being far from the correct
solution. An endless cycle of misunderstanding things and making mistakes,
even my apology didn't end up well, like a row of buttons that continue to
end up in the wrong hole of the shirt.
This has been repeating throughout the whole year, and before I realize it,
winter is almost over, the strong winds that indicates the incoming of spring
rattles the windows, breaking this short moment of silence.
"To be honest, I don't think that Yukinoshita senpai will accept your offer."
"Indeed..."
I accidentally let out a deep sigh, Iroha then came closer and continued
saying:
44


"In fact, you'll probably be cruelly rejected."
"That's probably the case..."
I sighed once again, Iroha moved even closer and stared at me:
"Even so, you still want to help?"
"Of course I'll help..."
Hearing my answer that was followed up by another sigh, Iroha opened her
mouth wide while leaning her head to her right:
"Huh!? But why bruh?"
"Well for why I'm doing so..."
Is it really that shocking, she even stopped using honorifics at this point, not
that it really matters...But, did she forgot what she said in the first place...
"Weren't you the one who asked for my help in the first place..."
As I said that, Iroha looks frozen for a moment, blinked her eyes for a few
times. Then took a quick step back, and then shook her hands, while saying
rapidly:
"Wha...what? Are you doing it for me?! What the hell do you have a crush on
me or something even though I have always received your help even though
you always treated me nicely and even though I don't dislike you but there
are too many things that need to be cleared up for now so lets put this off for
another time sorrymasen."
She quickly followed up with a deep bow. Which I responded by nodding my
head in satisfaction.
"Ah yes, now that's what I'm looking for. It sounds different from the usual
but whatever."
"What's with this comment...its the same as the usual isn't it?"

45


Muttered Iroha unhappily, she seems to have glared at me too. Yeah
whatever, that's the reaction I expected...taking a distance away from me as I
lie down feeling exhausted, Iroha pointed at her cheeks with her index finger,
while saying with a poker face.
"I won't mind if you use me as an excuse, though."
"Bad excuse, and its not the real reason after all..."
Iroha ignored my correction, and continued poking her cheek, looking
troubled:
"But to be fair, I doubt that wouldn't be the kind of reason Yukinoshita senpai
will accept either."
"Of course its not...how did we loop back to this? But hey, at least our great
Irohasu can help by saying a few goods throughout our conversation, no?"
"Eh...I don't want to... Also it impossible for me to do so."
"Impossible... Even answering that in an instant..."
Wait, did she seriously just said 'I don't want to'? As I looked towards her,
wondering if I misheard Mada Mada for Yada Yada, Iroha made a soft
cough, then patted on her chest for no reason and said:
"Yes, a girl's decision cannot be easily be changed. Well, but if its something
decided by someone else we can simply make amends to it, if that decision is
a pain we can act like we forgotten it."
"You're the worst..."
Nonono, that's just you isn't it? Its not a girls exclusive thing, but varies from
one to another. The kind of equality where everyone can be All Might is
something that a person without talents like me believes in.
As she turned back towards me, Iroha said with a worried face.
"And considering that its Yukinoshita senpai we're dealing with here, its

46


going to be hard isn't it..."
"Of course, of course it would be..."
Not because its a girl's decision, but Yukinoshita's decision, a decision that I
can't go against easily. Looking back at my year long experiences of
interacting with her, its obvious that Yukinoshita's honesty and seriousness
won't allow her to take back those words that easily.
Shutting her eyes closed, crossing her arms, Iroha made a short groan and
said.
"For this time, I can feel that she has been caring for me a lot...so I felt like
supporting her decision too."
She then stated her final stand with a bitter smile:
"Which is why, I can't bring myself to help out in persuading her, I'm sorry
senpai."
I told her not to worry while making my best smile possible, which she
replied with a gentle nod. For my random idea of her saying some good
things to Yukinoshita, she listened properly and even considered things
thoroughly. I have to say, Isshiki Iroha really is a much decent person than
how I used to judge her. Which made me feel sorry for attempting to drag her
into such a messy issue.
Yes, I should be the one to do the planning.
...Now then, how should I tell her exactly? I can't figure it out, she is truly a
big trouble, that girl...but when it comes to being a troublesome I'm the same
as her, perhaps even more troublesome in comparison.
I started to rub on my forehead to have a better blood flow around my brain,
while doing so, Iroha kept staring at me without making a sound.
"......"
"What is it?"
47


I asked as I realize her view focusing on me, she shook her head and
answered.
"Not really, I was just thinking on how persistent you are."
"Ah...well yes."
To hear such a direct comment, while being stared by her, I find myself in a
lack myself of words. Thus I could only reply in such a short, incomplete
manner. Iroha slowly walked near me until reaching an arm's distance, while
continuing to look into my eyes.
"But why? Being rejected by Yukinoshita senpai by herself, and after hearing
such words from Haruno senpai. For what exact reason are you pushing
yourself this much? When it comes to such a sticky situation one would
simply stay away as far as possible, isn't it so."
She phrased her question in a way that doesn't allow me a chance to answer.
Even if I could, I doubt that I can come out with a proper answer.
Iroha steps closer every time she asks a question, while I move back to
maintain our distance, to the point I could feel the back of my legs pressing
itself onto the bench.
"There's a lot of reasons behind it..."
Realizing that there is no further space for me to move away, I could only
avoid looking directly at her, but Iroha proceeded to grab onto my tie.
"Please answer me seriously, senpai."
Iroha forcefully re turned my head towards her, the obvious twist on my
necktie tells me that she's applying a lot of strength onto it.
I'm unable to look away, neither could I avert my line of view from the image
of Iroha's soft lips and glowing eyes. In front of her determined expression, I
could only do my best to open my heavy mouth.
"I swear, there really are a lot of reasons behind it, its impossible to state each
48


of them clearly just yet..."
"Its fine even if you said it vaguely."
Iroha does not give any room for me to play around with words, removing all
chances for me to remain silent.
But how exactly should I phrase it to make her understand better.
These painful feelings are not something that could be simply expressed
through words, but what's more troublesome about them is that they could be
described and be interpreted as anything within the acceptable range. Such a
translucent, unclear, shapeless thing. To apply existing words onto it will
only slowly chip it off from the sides to the point it reaches degradation,
ending up as a total mistake.
More importantly, I could not accept the act of simplifying things into one
single sentence.
Up until now, I've always relied on excuses like bringing my sister into the
picture, or stating that I'm just doing my job. Even just now, I tried using
Iroha's request as an excuse, something that she would usually get along with.
But what Iroha Isshiki wanted is not such dishonest words. Her eyes keep
telling me that,
it doesn't need to come with a motive, it doesn't need a proper elaboration,
its fine for me to make it unclear, its fine for me to say it vaguely.
'Show me your answer.'
"......I have a responsibility."
"Responsibility, huh."
Muttered Iroha in a low voice, she took a short breath, and slightly inclined
her head.

49


Did it sound too confusing to her? She lowered her head and seemingly
thought for a while, then looked back up, signaling me to continue.
I nodded in reply, and started assembling words in my head. Probably
because Iroha is grabbing onto it, my slightly loose necktie now felt very
tight, I find it hard to breath, and my chest felt unusually hot.
"For things to become so complicated, and reaching such a state of
codependency, its safe to say that I am responsible for causing all of these.
Which is why I wanted to clean up my own mess, not a decision to change
things up, but simply how I have always done it. That's all that there is." as I
finally said out my conclusion that sounded like an answer, Iroha's hand let
go of my necktie, and slipped down as it loses its strength.
"Ahaha...my bad, it sounded so different what my expectations, that I spaced
out a bit right there. Ah...your necktie is completely messed up too, I'm really
sorry."
"Ah, don't mind, it was kinda twisted before you grabbed on it anyway..."
Even after hearing that, Iroha seemed to think that she shouldn't have done
that, muttering words like yabai desu, while anxiously rubbing my necktie
with her hands, attempting to straighten it. She rubbed on it so hard, that my
body wobbled along her movements.
Her hands stopped all of a sudden.
"Those words that you said just now, can you properly tell the same to
Yukinoshita senpai?"
Iroha's eyes are still focused onto my necktie, making a weird expression that
I can't identify.
I couldn't answer her in time, so Iroha pressed on my necktie again, urging
me for an answer. Her flaxen brown started to rustle as if they're teasing me.
Her cute expression that seemed like she was joking gave me a peace of
mind, which made me smile before I realized it.

50


".....I'll definitely say it, but the real question here is whether these words can
reach her."
"Hmph, truly a troublesome bunch of senpais."
Iroha looked up with a speechless kind of smile, and then slapped on my
necktie.
"For me as long as the Service Club would help me out then there will always
be less things to worry of. So go for it alright."
Iroha swiftly stood up, after taking a few steps, she turned back at me, and
waved in a way that signals me to follow her. Guess she finally allowed me
to enter the student council room.
I lifted up my stiff body, and walked towards her.

51


2-2
As I entered the student council room alongside Iroha, a fragrant scent could
be smelled, which seems to be some kind of indoor perfume. Unlike the one
we have in the Service Club room, its a more refreshingly sweet fruity smell,
without the clear fragrance of tea within in.
The student council room isn't really big, and the stacking piles of items
within the room shows a sign of its long history. In the center of all this mess
is a small space that looks unusually tidy and clean.
Beside the poignantly designed chairman table places a simple work desk,
where Yukinoshita is standing behind it, while looking at a white board.
Considering that no other student council members are in here, Yukinoshita
and Iroha probably stayed here by themselves to discuss on a new course of
plan. Words in red blue and black could be seen on the whiteboard, as she
notices someone else entering, Yukinoshita turned her head over.
"Oh, Hikigaya kun."
"Sup."
Yukinoshita acted naturally even after seeing me, showing a faint smile, as if
she wasn't affected emotionally by the self restraining order.
"Isshiki san, lets have a short break shall we."
Saying that, she unlocked the fixating valve on the white board, flipped the
board around to show its other surface, and pushed it aside.
Yukinoshita proceeded to prepare tea, she turned on the electric kettle in this
room, and took out tea bags while waiting for the water to boil.
Looking at her doing these actions in a skillful manner, I felt reminiscent all
of a sudden. As she realizes my sights laying on her,
52


Yukinoshita shifted her eyes, and stopped at a chair in front of her desk,
signaling me to take a seat.
The popping sounds of water boiling can be heard as I pulled the chair to
make space. Iroha then walked lively towards the chairman desk, sitting on a
luxurious looking armchair. I mean that chair is cool looking and all, BUT
CAN YOU DO THIS!? Only 399 by the way. (I'm doing my part Pewds)
Soon, Yukinoshita pushed over a cup that looks different from our usual tea
set. As I thanked her, I held up the cup of tea, only to smell an unfamiliar
scent.
"Have you heard of it?"
She asked an unspecific question, but its obvious on what topic are we
talking about here.
"Ah, yes. Since I was beside Yuigahama just now."
Yukinoshita seemed surprised for a second, but quickly went back to her
calm expression from before.
"...I see."
"I already talked to Hiratsuka sensei to learn about the details. Is it fine on
your side? I can help if there's anything that requires my assistance..."
As I was halfway through my sentence, Yukinoshita brought the paper cup
near to her mouth, took a light sip of tea to moisturize her mouth and
answered:
"There is no need for that, as we're already working on the appropriate
countermeasures."
Comparing to the warmth from the cup of tea in my hands, our conversation
seemed to have started in a cold awkward tone. Being uneasy of such an

53


atmosphere, Iroha made a few twists on her body, while glancing towards
me, telling me to "please say it nicely".
No wait a second Iroha, for a conversation to work, stuff like directions,
sequences, procedures and timing, even bravery are all relevant essentials
isn't it? Man, it just feel so difficult to make a proper conversation. Even now,
my attempt to make a test on her intention to talk about this topic got shut
down immediately.
Anyway for the conversation to continue, an appropriate head start is
required, which isn't really something I'm used to.
I made a few blows over my cup of tea, thinking on how should I start the
conversation. Soon after the hot sensation starts to fade away from the tea,
reaching a temperature where my cat tongue can take it in, I took a sip of the
tea, and asked with a soft voice.
"So... what's your plan?"
Upon hearing my question, Yukinoshita looked into my eyes, as if she's
trying to instigate something out of me.
"We're still reviewing our existing proposal, for now there's nothing much to
say about our plans."
Reviewing, huh...But considering all those words that I saw on the
whiteboard just now, and Iroha glancing towards Yukinoshita with a weird
look, it seems that the main direction they'll be taking has already been
decided, but she didn't want to talk about it.
She even flipped the whiteboard around so that no one could see it, perhaps
forcing an answer is not the best course of action.
In that case, its better to talk in a more roundabout way, since the
conversation will continue to be derailed with my current method. I looked
towards Iroha and asked.

54


"Is there anything to do right now?"
"...For now, nothing much."
Iroha looked away while answering, but she didn't look towards Yukinoshita
either, so its hard to say whether this is a lie or not.
But looking at the absence of the other student council committees, and the
lax atmosphere within this room. It does seems that the situation wasn't as
urgent as it seems to be, at least there's no specific action that has to be done
immediately.
"So to put it in other words, right now is not the suitable time to execute
immediate actions?"
"Of course, after all we only received the self restrain order by today."
Yukinoshita replied the conclusion that I muttered out accidentally, with the
same calm tone. For someone who just received the notice not long ago, her
words lack a sense of anxiety one would usually expect. Most probably she
too, has already noticed the other meaning behind 'apply self restrain', which
is why she can remain her composure right now.
For the self restraining order from the school's executives, me and
Yukinoshita share a similar view on the school's intent. A common topic is
the spice to inducing an active conversation, I can probably touch on this
topic a little more.
I looked back at Yukinoshita.
"But there are countermeasures that can be designed based on that isn't so.
After all it is only a restraining order, in fact straight out ignoring such an
order is possible in case you're desperate."
The ones who gave out the restraining order are the school executives,
specifically a concession they made towards Hiratsuka sensei. To request for
someone to apply self restrain, it also means handing over the right of action

55


to its subject, a wording that could be portrayed in a way where its subject is
allowed to make their decisions based on their own judgement. While its
original intent is to request the prom organizers to cancel the event without
them sounding to be forceful, Yukinoshita can intentionally misunderstood
its meaning, and complicate things further, by using the debate where they're
only asked to apply self restraint, but the final decision still lies in the hands
of the student council.
I said that with a bitter smile, being aware that Yukinoshita probably knows
better of the situation than I do.
Which Yukinoshita replied without raising her eyebrows:
"If possible I prefer not to take such a risk,"
"while using the ambiguity of the term against them could work. But simply
showing them an unyielding attitude won't be enough."
"I am aware of that too, so we'll only use this to open up a platform for
discussions."
Just as she said, to forcefully conduct the prom, is merely a self destructing
that will only work once. Such a reckless decision cannot be made if they still
plan to organize the prom for the years to come.
Their current plan is to apply their self restraining status as their means to
negotiate with the parents.
We might organize it without school supervision, we might set up the venue
at somewhere not within school grounds, we might do something that goes
beyond your imaginable level of extremeness, are you still fine with it?
Threatening them with such statements.
Even if the student council won't actually do such things, it is an effective
method to make the parents accept their request to negotiate.
It is the hard way to do things, but it will open up room for negotiation.

56


But what matters afterwards, is what material can they present during the
negotiation.
I stood up, and walked over to move the whiteboard. Yukinoshita sighed, but
did not attempt to stop me.
I pulled out the whiteboard and flipped it over.
As I expected, suggestions of the strategy they can take has been written on
the whiteboard, and other information that relates to the new direction the
prom will take.
It seems that they had quite a discussion, traces of their discussion were left
on every corner on the board has. There are two different kinds of
handwriting and writing style on the board, which seemingly belongs to
Yukinoshita and Iroha.
The sentences that mostly end with a question mark, but properly phrased and
written horizontally were probably written by Yukinoshita, while the clump
of sentences that end with a large exclamation mark seems to belong to Iroha.
Judging from the order those sentences were arranged in, Yukinoshita and
Iroha each came out with one suggestion at a time, and proceeded to
comment on each other's suggestion, in order to find out which idea is better
and the possible improvements.
"So you two came out with these ideas?"
"More accurately, I question Yukinoshita senpai's idea, while Yukinoshita
senpai refutes my suggestions."
"Is that so, then its quite the constructive discussion you had there."
Giving more than one suggestion is important when one reaches a stagnant
situation. At least they're able to more options, and both suggestions can
compromise with each other, but being too fixated on denying each other

57


won't make things progress either.
Only by forming an opposing situation, the discussion could move forward.
But merely pointing out whether the suggestions would work, will only make
them reach a 'yes or no' kind of conclusion.
So, exactly what kind of conclusion have came to...eh? Among all the written
things, I can't seem to spot something that feels identical to a conclusion, its
like reading through a note that only its owner can understand.
"...So, where's your conclusion?"
"Lets see...the ones in the red circle."
As Iroha answered, I took another look at the whiteboard, there are indeed a
few spots that are circled in red.
Gorgeous, wholesome, dress code restriction, supporting guidelines,
supervising officials, upload prohibited, OK!
That's all of them.
"Hmmm...I kinda understo...no wait wait wait, I don't understand what's
going on here at all."
Like, what is this, a spot the word game? I felt like I can understand it yet I
can't at the same time...what am I looking at exactly?
I looked back, hoping for an explanation.
Yukinoshita then placed her finger on the cup mouth, looking at the gently
swinging waves on the surface of the tea.
"I was still sorting things out when you came."
"Oh, that was...sorry for interrupting."

58


Yukinoshita sounded as if she was simply stating a fact with no intent of
blaming anyone, which made me stutter at my words. From how she was
standing in front of the board when I first stepped into the room, it does seem
that Yukinoshita was finalizing things. I apologized for my sudden
interruption, which she gently shook her head, telling me not to mind.
To shift away from this awkward atmosphere, I cleared up my throat and ask
with a clear voice:
"So, what are these words supposed to mean. I don't really get it"
This time, it was Yukinoshita who seemed awkward, pausing for a short
moment before she answered:
"...As I said, we're still reviewing the proposal."
She looked down and didn't say anything further. Well, considering that
Yukinoshita doesn't want me to be involved, it make sense that she would
prefer not to elaborate any further.
Which means, ready, se, no, Irohasu chan~ I briefly glanced at Iroha, which
she replied while showing a reluctant face.
"Um...to put it simple, our current focus is to... make amendments on our
clothing restrictions? Am I saying this right Yukinoshita senpai?"
As Iroha turned over to confirm with Yukinoshita, probably thinking that it's
not good to just ignore her, Yukinoshita answered reluctantly.
"We plan to enforce our dress code to prohibit extravagant or very revealing
clothes. After properly defining the proper requirements, we'll contact the
clothing renter from our side to prepare a suitable catalog."
"Oh..."
I see. Setting up a standard for the acceptable dresses, in order to guarantee
the wholesomeness on the appearances of the students during the event. And

59


most students will prefer renting clothes through the student council, so
they'll naturally have to adhere to the dress code guidelines. But there are also
exceptions...
"What about students who intends to wear their own clothes?"
Iroha then pointed towards the circled words and answered.
"Since most participants will be wearing clothes that meets our guidelines,
those students will most probably restrain themselves to not stand out too
much from the group."
"Right, peer pressure."
"That's not a nice word to describe it..."
Iroha glared at me, looking disgusted and unhappy. But isn't that exactly what
she meant...
Even then, I doubt that everyone would accept to blend in with the crowd. No
matter which era we're in there will always be that one eccentric person with
a thought like "I will walk my own path even if that means being different
from the others!! Look at my erotic image that makes me stand out from dem
plebs!! It's☆party☆time!!", while placing a Pichelle on top of their heads
(Ref 1: A Japan fashion magazine).
"But wouldn't there still be a few students who would wear ridiculous
clothing on the purpose of gaining attention? It is an important moment in
their school life, after all."
"We're aware of such a possibility. So existing countermeasures have already
been planned."
Yukinoshita gave a direct answer, but did not further elaborate on her
statement. But take a better look at these clues, and the answer will
eventually reveal itself.

60


"...Will they really accept or obey the restriction to not upload anything on
the SNS?"
I tapped on that unusually small text on the lowest part of the white board.
Was the written this small because of their lack of space? Or their lack of
confidence in this solution?
Yukinoshita let out a very tired sigh.
"About that, even if its hard to have them obey it, it wouldn't hurt to at least
have a written notice either."
"Even if any issue arises from that, the responsibility will only fall on them
for not obeying the rules isn't so? After all, they're no longer kids anymore."
Said Iroha.
While it's true that the graduates are above the age of consent, but there is
still the general idea where people above the age of 18 can be viewed as
adults, and it wouldn't stop people from criticizing the organizers either.
While I was thinking it through, Yukinoshita made another remark.
"We're aware that simply restricting them from uploading pictures online will
cause dissatisfaction, so we intend to compensate by hiring freelance
photographers, and sell photos or data to the participants after the prom.
"Ah...I see how it is."
For some reason Iroha raised up her chest in satisfaction, I guess girls do
have the need of taking cute pictures.
Hiring a photographer and selling pictures won't be a problem. Considering
that recent school events such as our sports day also restrict parents from
taking photos, while the school openly sells pictures to them.
Even during the Showa period, there are certain occasions where students
would bring along a photographer with them for events like their graduation

61


trip, and purchase photos from them, so this should be acceptable by the
parents.
This might even bring us to interesting stories like, someone writing down
the purchase number of the picture that has his favorite girl in it, only to be
noticed by the other students. asking him: "Yo, this picture doesn't have you
in it no? Lets see...bruhhhhhhh!" rumors then quickly spread around among
the class, the poor guy getting teased by his classmates, and getting rejected
on the second day before he could even confess. Any parent who had such a
painful experience will understand what selling photos really mean wouldn't
they?
Cough.
Anyway, setting it up as a written rule on the surface, bringing out the
argument where its their own responsibilities to obey the rules, and convince
those who felt dissatisfied by bringing up the advantages of this rule, while
preparing an alternative choice for the students. A viable plan indeed.
The students might go against it, but what's more important is that the student
council have a relevant point that can be accepted by the parents.
While uncertainties still exist, being able to show the parents that the
organizers have countermeasures to deal with the concerns they expressed on
is what matters here.
"I see...a good plan indeed."
"Thank you."
I briefly made a remark while staring at the whiteboard, which Yukinoshita
replied with minimal words.
Even if its only an outline, the amount of thought put into it within such a
short time is incredible.
However, there is still a few parts where I can question of.

62


"So with this, what are the expected chances of winning?"
I asked them as I knocked on the whiteboard with the back of my finger.
Iroha made an uhm sound looking displeased, while Yukinoshita did not
show any changes in her expression, and answered in her usual calm tone.
" We took their concerns into consideration, and came out with methods to
deal with the said issues. I believe that our chances of getting their approval
won't be low."
"Well yeah, that seems to be the case. That they'll approve of the improved
proposal now that you dealt with their concerns...under normal
circumstances, that is."
But I know, that things won't be that simple this time.
This is not the same situation like the ones we've always dealt with.
All these weird concerns and requests from the parents were presented to us
based on the absolute intent of shutting down the graduation prom. Not with
the intent of making the prom a reality, nor the intent of expecting
improvements from its organizers. No matter how much compromises were
made, the chances of them approving the event are still slim, they're lacking a
crucial element if they wish to get past such an ill intent.
The one crucial element that Yukinoshita can't obtain, or specifically, can't
attempt to obtain.
And this is where I step in.
I've been observing Yukinoshita's reactions in order to find an opening to talk
to her, now seems to be the right moment. I glanced at Iroha, which she
nodded lightly in approval.
"Yukinoshita, there is something that I wish to speak properly to you of."

63


Hearing that, Yukinoshita looked at me with an astonished face.
"...Alrighty, then I should probably seek myself ou..."
Pretending to react towards the atmosphere, Iroha stood up intending to
leave. But Yukinoshita stopped her immediately.
"I believe that its related to the graduation prom? If that's the case its better
that Isshiki san stay present too."
"Ahaha...is that so."
Answering her awkwardly, Iroha glanced me briefly, which I reacted by
shaking my head, telling her that its fine. Iroha then sat back down with an
uneasy look on her face.
I'm aware that Yukinoshita does not want me to be involved. In fact she
probably prefers to avoid having a conversation with me at all. That's why
she asked Iroha to stay, as the presence of a third person might make it harder
for me to speak out.
But if that's the case, then I just have the hold on to my resolve.
"...Can I help out with the prom?"
Right after I said that, Yukinoshita's eyes open up wide, seeming to be
shocked. She then lowered her view, and slightly opened her mouth as if she
was about to say something.
If I simply waited for her to give a reply, she'll definitely try to derail the
conversation like she did just now. So I interrupted her by continuing to
speak, forcing out every reasons I could think of without leaving any gaps in
between.
"I don't think that there's any problems in your amendments to the proposal.
But, the rate of success isn't too high. So we should probably work on another
set of proposal. I know that the original proposal has been rejected, so maybe

64


we can think of a third or fourth option on how to change things up."
As I continued to speak, I realized that what I said doesn't seem to convey my
message properly. But if I take any pauses I'm afraid that I might end up
feeling breathless.
"Now that things have developed to this stage, its not like I'm taking the
initiative to do something, I'll simply act based on your instructions, just look
at me as a character who comes up with a few ideas while standing near to
the wall. This kind of role has no difference from that of Iroha and the others
right? Just doing the kind of thing that I usually do, that's all I wish for."
Yukinoshita lightly bit on her lower lip, and listened silently, she doesn't
seem to be angry or sad, as if she's trying her best to suppress her feelings.
".....Indeed, just like how things have always been."
"If that's the ca..."
Yukinoshita interrupted, lowering her head as she continued speaking.
"In the end, I'll still have to rely on you..."
Her voice seemingly sounded calm and steady, yet every word she said drops
a suffocating pressure on my chest.
Yukinoshita lifted her head back up, staring at me with a smile which
resembles that of a mother looking at her playful child, gently, slowly, said
out those words of persuasion.
"Which is exactly why, I wish to change it, those words that my sister said,
you know that too don't you?"
"I......yes."
Hearing her say that, I couldn't help but avert my eyes away.

65


Codependency.
Perhaps its not just me, Yukinoshita herself is aware of that term too.
Which is why she refuses to let things remain the way they were, to correct
what's wrong with our relationship, to become independent.
While I can't even find myself to question what's right or wrong, simply sugar
coating our relationship with a vague term, constraining myself to such a
twisted relationship.
"But......this is a responsibility that I should take. It was never about which
side is on the wrong, isn't so?"
As I fought my through my brain to complete this sentence, I looked into
Yukinoshita eyes, they're twitching painfully, which made me look away
again, I can't find myself to continue now that I've seen such an expression
from her.
But if I don't say it now, I might never have another chance in the future. For
I am aware of how much of a troublesome and unreliable person I am.
Which is why I have to let her know. Even if its hard to tell her how I feel,
even if I can't express those feelings properly, I have, to let her know.
"Of course, I can simply choose to step aside and not do anything. But such a
method won't change anything for the better, if the methods we've been using
up until now is wrong, then we seek for a different method, and different
mindset, a different form of communication..."
How could I make my words sound better? I continued to search for better
terms to use, yet the monster of self awareness and rationality continues to
bare it fangs at me. Ambiguous thoughts form themselves into a hideous
shape as they leave my mouth, every word I say strays myself further and
further from their actual meaning. Am I being too anxious, before I realize it
my hands clenched themselves into fists under the table. I took a deep breath,
and opened up my palms to wipe off the sweat onto my pants.

66


Did my words reach her the way I wanted them to?
"So...no matter what kind of ending awaits, I wish to take responsibility for it
properly."
No, perhaps it doesn't matter.
"Which is why...I really want to...help you out."
These words were only said for the sake of my self satisfaction, for the sake
of forcing my wish onto Yukinoshita.
Being aware of the true nature of my actions, I am unable to look into her
eyes, thus I could only steer my vision away from her.
"......Thank you. But its fine now, you've said enough."
Her voice sounded as tender as the sounds of snow falling during the night, a
beautiful sensation that felt like it'll vanish all of a sudden, a strong force that
could attract every being in this world. Her expression seemed like she is at
peace, in front of such a cute yet pitiful smile, I could only hold back my
breath and voice.
Within this frosty silence, Yukinoshita continued to speak in a soft voice.
"It was my fault to begin with, always letting you and Yuigahama san handle
things...that's why we've entered such an unclear situation. If I don't clean
things up, none of us will be able to move forward, isn't so? The one who
should be taking responsibility, is me."
"......No, its my responsibility too."
Yukinoshita lowered her head after hearing my reply, slowly shaking her
head. As I struggled to find a better way to continue the conversation. Iroha
interrupted us.

67


"Ano, may I ask how long do you two plan to revolve on the same problem?"
She sounded mad as she asked the question, staring at me and Yukinoshita.
Neither of us could answer her, so we could only continue to lower our
heads. I guess that's just how things work between us, no conclusion could be
obtained no matter how much we talk about it, and our viewpoints will
remain as parallel lines. Knowing that, me and Yukinoshita decided not to
continue, both of us remaining silent.
In the end of the day, my thoughts still failed to reach her.
The message can never be conveyed if we refuse to speak, but even through
speaking the message still can't reach the other side. Throughout the whole
year, we have always had this sort of feeling. That the idea of talking to each
other to achieve a mutual understanding is merely an arrogant thought, while
the idea of achieving mutual understanding without communicating with each
other is merely an illusion.
Which is why, we'll always have to properly think on what to speak of, how
to say them properly. Being able to speak of any pointless topics to our
freedom, yet remaining silent on the most important things.
But, these feelings that I wanted to express is not some kind of phrase or
term, and in the end of the day I'm not an expert of communicating through
words.
In that case, the solution is simple.
Our medium of communication has always been there.
"I understand. Then I'll stop talking about it, I won't help you out either."
Whew, I said it loud and clear. At the corner of my field of view, Iroha took a
gasp.
Yukinoshita smiled and nodded her head, looking relieved after hearing my

68


reply.
I already expected such an answer since the beginning. But without properly
talking to her I can't be sure of things. If I don't make our positions clear the
conversation can't go on.
I smirked and continued saying.
"......But I never said that I won't oppose you."
"Huh?"
Iroha leaned over her head.
Yukinoshita also seemed confused as she first heard me, but closed up her
eyelids soon after, has she understood what I was trying to say?
I put up a sarcastic smile, and put up both of my fist up to my chest.
"I don't think its hard to guess, what happens when our opinions oppose each
other, right?"
After listening to Hiratsuka sensei's talk about heroes of justice fighting out a
solution, this is the hazy idea that I came out with.
When communicating through works couldn't work out, then I'll express
myself through my actions.
"I've been concerned with the prom's status for quite a while after all, so I'd
feel kinda upset if the event fails to be approved. But I can't fully approve of
your amendments to the proposal either......In that case, I'll make one by
myself."
"Are you being serious about this?"
I nodded in reply to Yukinoshita's question.

69


Even if its a one sided decision, this is indeed a way for me to gain minimal
relevance to the graduation prom.
If I give up here, that would mean that I'm denying all the relationship I've
built with her, and the Service Club.
Which is why I have to try, to prove to Yukinoshita that our relationship is
not codependency.
To prove to her that, all these time that we've been through has a more
positive meaning to it.
Only after proving that, we can slowly move towards a better, a more correct
relationship.
"Our competition haven't ended, and not everyone has to go with the same
way of doing things either. So, its fine for the two of us to take a different
route from each other, isn't so?"
Yukinoshita said a similar thing to me a long time ago. But I believe that she
still remembers it, otherwise she wouldn't be biting her lower lip right now.
Referring to how we set up the competition back then, as long as the basic
structure and concept of the competition haven't changed, the rule should still
apply to our current situation.
I waited for Yukinoshita to reply. But only a few troubled sighs could be
heard from her.
Iroha who was sitting beside the silent Yukinoshita answered.
"I think this could work, "
"As long as the prom could be approved, the process doesn't seem that
relevant to me, and what Yukinoshita senpai said just now won't matter in
this case, so it should be fine."

70


Iroha's indifferent statement, made Yukinoshita find it hard to think of a
reply.
The silence within the room continues to loom. Perhaps such silence is the
exact answer that I needed, thinking of that, I let out a breath of relief.
As I guessed, even if I brought up the competition as an excuse, she wouldn't
just accept it......despite her competitive nature, Yukinoshita Yukino is not a
simple minded person.
"......Well, not like that I plan on getting approval from your side anyway, I'm
just stating on what I plan to do afterwards, that's the only point that I want
you to know."
This is not a negotiation. Simply my notice, my declaration of war.
She should be clever enough to understand the situation, Yukinoshita let out a
sigh, took a shallow bite on her lips. Closed her eyes painfully, and put her
hand under her mouth, and started thinking.
Faint sounds of breathing flow within the silence of the room. But unlike the
speechless situation from before, the quietness right now does not give of a
sense of rejection, but felt more like an intermission towards the next stage.
Yukinoshita tapped on the edge of her lips, which then opened up, creating a
voice that doesn't sound like a sigh or mutter.
"If that's the case......"
Did she originally intended not to say it out? The words that just left her
mouth paused midway, as if they're about to vanish into the thin air and never
resurface.
As I leaned forward, ready to ask for a follow up. Yukinoshita opened her
eyes, her grim expression loses momentum slowly, returning into its original
calmness.

71


Like a frozen blue flame, beautiful yet faint. The awe inspiring clearness on
her expression took away my breath, made me forgot to seek for a
continuation of her words, and even filled up my entire field of view.
"The victor will have the right to command the other to do anything...I
believe that its the case?"
A sharp light glimmers among her pale blue eyes. Unlike how she seemed to
be lost in her thoughts a while ago, her eyes are now free of confusion,
staring at me openly.
I looked properly into her eyes, and nodded in conirmation.
"Yes, that will be the case."
Its been a while since the last time I had chills from Yukinoshita, this
nostalgic feeling that reminds me of our conversation from back then. The
realization that the atmosphere between us went back like how it usually was,
made me let out a breath of relief.
The tension within the air has finally gone away.
Iroha, who has been listening to our conversation all this time muttered.
"Ew, what was that all about? Gross."
"Hey now..."
As I looked at her, Iroha lowered down her head like a kid who got scolded
for saying something inappropriate.
"Hmphhhh...but it really does feel out of place and a little creepy isn't it...also
senpai, why are you getting ahead of yourself all of a sudden?"
Iroha blurted out her ridiculous comment with a dissatisfied look on her face,
oh come on......as I grunted at Iroha, someone started to laugh all of a sudden.

72


"Yes, it does feel a little gross. Ufufufu..."
Yukinoshita laughed in a pretty comical way. Its been a while since I last saw
such a carefree laugh from her, a smile as mesmerizing as a blooming flower.
Which Iroha nodded her head repeatedly like she's saying 'I know right!'.
Seeing them acting this way, something that has been pulled tight within me
suddenly snaps into half, making me lose my strength uncontrollably.
"You two..."
"Ahaha...cough, that was simply a joke. But now you've reminded me,
everything did started from that day indeed."
Yukinoshita held back her smiling face, with the colors of happiness still
lingering within her eyes, she stared at me with a provoking look, that also
felt a little delightful.
"So allow me to finalize things. The both of us will do things by our own
methods in the aim of realizing the graduation prom, and the victor gets to
demand something from the loser, is that it?"
"Ah...yes."
I answered briefly, which Yukinoshita nodded in satisfaction. I stared at her
smug face with my mouth half open.
She probably realized that I was acting strangely, as Yukinoshita looked over
and asked.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing... I'm just surprised that you would actually accept the challenge."
I looked over towards Iroha, trying to make sure if I said it the right way. But
probably because she wasn't aware of the competition, she seems to be
sulking with a very displeased face, and shrugged at me like she's saying 'I
don't even know what's going on here anymore'.

73


"Its not really that inconceivable."
Yukinoshita calmly stated that, as she threaded over her hair over her
shoulders.
Hmm...is this a riddle? But the answer seems pretty difficult to figure out. As
I started to try solving the question, Yukinoshita smiled at me triumphantly.
"Didn't you already knew? That I really hate losing to others."
With a slightly mischievous smile, in a teasing tone, she revealed the answer
to her riddle.

74


Interlude 2
That was, more or less, a confession.
Or maybe a lover's quarrel, or talking about breaking up.
Though, it doesn't matter which one was it. I don't care.
But I felt like an idiot when they let me hear that. I was there, but it felt like
they were making me realize that I have nothing to do with that.
It's so disgusting that it makes me want to say one of the vulgar words.
For real. Please take your responsibility seriously.
I glared at the door where senpai left.
I've never thought that the conversation ended up being complicated in the
most proper, precise, beautiful and plain way.
I'm in the mood to go after him and complain.
Being told something like that with a serious face is troubling.
His always whether-or-not-closed eyes that I really don't get. His incessantly
dissatisfied mouth bent in a twisted way. His words that I have no idea if they
were lies or jokes but always extremely vague. Even though he's the one who
was meddling here, he suddenly becomes flustered that his reaction was
rather pale, and slow to produce a response. Yet, he makes a seemingly
serious face super rarely and once in a while that it's sickening to the
stomach.
For real, just really. Please take your responsibility seriously.

75


I mean, he hasn't taken any responsibility yet up until now.
Even so, please don't say "responsibility" lightly as some sort of excuse.
While listening to what was senpai's saying, it seemed like he wasn't looking
as my eyes pointed downwards. Rather, I know that he wasn't looking at me
but please take a hint of the mood when it comes to those kind of situation.
Senpai, Yukino-senpai and Yui-senpai are all troublsome but I'm somewhat
troublesome as well.
Really troublesome.
Remembering that, my hands stopped moving on the work that I've
particularly begun.
I would look at the clock. I would absentmindedly look back on what
happened earlier. I would think that it's about time to go home. I've done
those actions many times. Even if I looked at the clock for the fifth time, two
minutes hasn't passed yet. This was the eighth time that I sighed.
The moment when I sighed on the ninth time, Yukino-senpai lifted her face
from the laptop, she wiped her tears gently.
She wasn't wearing her eyeglasses that is apparently effective for eyestrain.
The eyeglasses were just placed on the side of the desk. Instead, she applied
drops on her eyes.
I was shocked when she wiped the tears that suddenly flowed on her cheeks,
so I unconsciously said something unnecessary.
"Uhm, should we go home?"
Yukino-senpai's eyes remained resting somewhere, seemed a little bit
confused then looked at me. Her expression had a shade of color than the
usual that it's a slightly scary.

76


77


"…Right. I'll remain here for a bit, so it's fine if you want to go home early."
"Is that… so…"
With her precise smile and words, I looked at Yukino-senpai's gentle face. I
was a bit hesitant to say something. Being said such a thing in a kind way
makes me feel terrible and instead, it becomes harder to go home. As I was
mumbling about what to do, Yukino-senpai speaked like she has already
decided that I will be going home.
"Also, we could call the Student Council members starting tomorrow."
"Eh, ha, huh… isn't that a bit too quick? The policy was just decided today,
you know?"
"I'll form it by tomorrow. Besides, the prom is going to happen, so it's better
if the preparations are made quickly, right?"
Yukino-senpai said that in an obvious way that I thought hard dazedly and
ended up being completely stupefied.
"…You're declaring it, I see."
"Yes."
Yukino-senpai's reply didn't change. However, I think I may have made an
anxious expression. Looking at that, Yukino-senpai made a slightly troubled
face. "Uhm…"
I started speaking. But, as I was about to say the words after that… I stopped.
Perhaps, it isn't something that I should say.
Yukino-senpai tilted her head in contemplation and waited the continuation
of my words. But, I think that, maybe, I shouldn't be the one to say that so,
instead, I smiled lightly.
"…Please don't overwork yourself."

78


"Thank you. But I'll be fine."
With that being said, Yukino-senpai typed on the keyboard. The backlight
illuminating her white face was sad to the extent that it was beautiful. It
looked like a snow that that was about to disappear.
"Because this will be the last one. …With this, I could finish it."
The words that she whispered weren't directed at me. Her whisper resembled
to the continuation of that very low voice I heard from earlier. I looked away.
I hurried up and gathered my coat and bag then hastened towards the door. I
can't continue talking with Yukino-senpai, who was extremely strict before
then became nicer, like this because she might end up saying unnecessary
stuff.
However, ended up saying those things honestly makes me somewhat
frustrated and it's not fair.
"…Then, I'll be going. Ah, and the key! I'll leave it to you."
"Yes. Thanks for the hard work."
When I said that cheerfully, Yukino-senpai smiled in return. She stared at the
laptop in once again, then started typing on the keyboard.
That figure was more spirited than ever. It felt like she was really into it, and
looked like she was having fun.
Yet, even so.
When I left the Student Council room, I looked back and saw Yukinosenpai…
Who seemed like she was crying.

79


Chapter 3: Until the end,
Yuigahama Yui continues to watch
After coming out of the student council room, I dragged on my feet that felt
heavier through every step. The fatigue accumulated throughout the day
presses heavily onto my body and mind.
As I walked out of the school building, the sun has already went down, the
chilly winds of the night started to erode my body.
I had the chills as a gust of wind blew across me, I reacted by putting on the
coat that I've been holding in my hand up until now. The fatigue continues to
crawl over my entire body, that I can't even get myself to properly roll up the
scarf hanging around my neck. The way I'm dressing up probably looks
familiar to Takanohana Koji's style in his early days[6].
As I dragged myself with what's left of my consciousness towards the bicycle
porch, I remembered that I took the monorail this morning due to the rain.
I continued to drag on my feet, and turned towards the school gate.
On the road, I saw Iroha running in front of me, her skirt fluttering in the
wind.
She seemed to have noticed me too. Before I could call out to her, she ran
over with small steps, and then landed a punch onto the side of my waist.
"Ah, it hurts..."
Due to her wearing soft gloves, I didn't feel painful at all, but in front of her
unhappy expression, I shouted out as if I was in pain to play along her act.
However, Iroha did not seem to cheer up, staring at me with a cold sight.

80