"Are you stupid or something? Why did you have to make things so
conflicting?"
"No, listen. It's not just me, Yukinoshita also acted really..."
I tried to give an excuse, but Iroha refused to listen, made a hmph sound and
turned over, starting to walk away, I proceeded to follow behind her.
"Listen to me alright? You saw that didn't you, how stubborn, how super
duper troublesome..."
"Oh hey, good job with your most accurate self-introduction ever."
"You're welco... wait I'm not talking about me. Even though I did acted the
same way back there."
Saying that, I sped up my footsteps in order to catch up with Iroha. However,
the distance between did not shorten at all.
"By the way, aren't you walking a little too fast? This is the kind of speed one
uses when they're trying to get rid of this random annoying guy in front of the
train station."
"Ah, I don't need these."
Without looking back back, Iroha replied in a low tone.
Yup, that was cold. I guess she won't turn around even if I start shouting
Vanilla Vanilla high income[7]. So I continued to follow her footsteps.
If my memory serves me well, Iroha should be heading to the station a mile
ahead of us. Even if the trains we take go in opposite directions, we'll still
have to start out at the same station.
So I continued to step upon Iroha's shadow for quite some time.
During this period, neither me or Iroha said a single word. Only the rustling
sounds of dried leaves, the ringing sounds of the bicycles passing by, and the
roaring sounds of the wind could be heard.

81


It is natural for Iroha to feel so frustrated. The conversation between me and
Yukinoshita never felt coordinated throughout the process, to the point that I
had to declare my opposition against her. Iroha who was unaware about the
competition going on in the Service Club probably felt really confused. I
even promised her that I'll talk it through properly before we enter the student
council, for things to result in such a way. I really felt sorry.
I guess its better if I apologize to her huh... as I was thinking, Iroha suddenly
stopped in her tracks. Standing on the small road beside a park, and under the
dim lights from the two vending machines nearby, she let out a weak,
frustrated breath.
She then turned around, looking at me speechlessly. She then pointed her
finger at the vending machine while remaining silent.
Is she asking for a treat? Well, if this can change her mood for the better, then
its definitely a worthwhile investment. But to look it in another way, she's
also offering a peace treaty through me buying her a drink. What a nice
person....
I put some coins into the vending machine and started to choose drinks.
Warm max coffee and...milk tea? No, perhaps bean soup is a better option......
or corn soup should be fine too. Eh, whatever. I then pressed on the button.
I then handed over the drinks that I chosen at random, Max coffee on my
right hand, bean soup on the other. Iroha looked at my drinks of choice and
shown a sign of disgust.
"Why does it have to be these two..."
While complaining, probably thinking that its not nice to straight up refuse,
she took the can of bean soup reluctantly. Chiba residents are surprisingly
incompatible with Max coffee huh...
She then squatted down, leaning her back onto the vending machine, took of
her gloves, open up the bean soup, and took a sip. Releasing a puff of white
gas in the process.

82


"...So uhm, sorry."
"For what."
Standing beside the squatting Iroha, I opened up my can. Awaiting her reply
while drinking. Iroha who seemed to have some trouble speaking out,
muttered slowly.
"If I never mentioned about the prom, perhaps things wouldn't have ended up
being so conflicted."
The way Iroha said it sounded so awkward and intriguing, that I find it funny
and cute, so I accidentally looked at her in an unnatural way. Iroha then
reacted by pulled her scarf over her mouth, saying "what are you looking
at..." in a muffled voice. I smiled bitterly and shook my head.
"...It has nothing to do with the prom. In fact this might be exactly what we
needed."
"Eh?"
Iroha looked up at me looking confused. Is it because of the warmth and
sweetness of the coffee? My voice sounded a lot more softer than I thought.
This made me feel a little shy, so I raised my head looking towards the sky.
"If we don't bring things to an end, we'll end up being stuck with our current
situation. A destination, or specifically a goal is needed. Its not just the prom,
whatever request we're taking on will turn up the same way it is right now."
"Is that……so."
Her weak reply made me feel concerned, as I looked back. Iroha is hugging
onto her knees looking down, as if she is thinking over something. But, Iroha
really shouldn't really feel sorry about it.
Me, Yukinoshita and Yuigahama. The relationship between the three of us
became distorted before we could realize it. Yes, our relationship did started
out being somewhat distorted. But it has been corrected little by little as time
passes, and at some point we managed to create a space that seem
83


comfortable for the three of us.
I am responsible for the collapse of this comfort zone. Even if there are things
that I can't stand with, things that I find unnatural, but on the other hand I also
ended up wishing, that things could stay the way they are, and have the days
pass through as we conceal ourselves with shallow words.
Such an unstable state, will easily collapse no matter what junctures come
upon it. This time it just happened to be the prom, and Yukinoshita Haruno's
interference. Iroha was simply dragged into our mess. So I should be the one
to apologize.
"I'm sorry too, for making things so chaotic."
Hearing that, Iroha simply shrugged and answered in a lazy tone.
"Ah... that doesn't matter actually. Like I said, as long as the prom can be
held successfully, I'm fine with anything~"
"Hmph……"
Replied me with a similarly lazy tone, and our conversation came to a sudden
halt.
The warmth from the can in my hand is slowly fading. However, neither I or
Iroha were in a hurry to finish off our drinks, as we stared quietly into the
night. Perhaps the fatigue accumulated from this busy day is starting to show
itself again. We might be even more busy starting tomorrow.
I never wanted to be related to work and labor, yet before I realize it I'm
already actively trying to get myself involved with the prom. In fact I was
against this during the beginning, yet I got defeated by Iroha's enthusiasm.
Like seriously, where did all her enthusiasm even came from?
"...Hey, honestly speaking, why did you want to organize the prom so
badly?"
Iroha glanced at me looking surprised, then pulled herself a distance away
from me step by step.
84


"I mean, you never gave us an actual reason back then."
At least she did show us her determination. But one could say that, she only
conveyed her determination.
But due to us being familiar with Iroha to an extent, just listening to her
determination is enough for us to decide on helping her out.
She talked about wanting to become Prom Queen back then in the clubroom,
but that's probably not what she really had in mind. There are times where
Iroha would use really shallow words, there are times where she would blow
things out of proportions, there are also times where she would make silly
jokes, and sometimes she would just come out with random words that
popped up in her head.
But, Iroha is also smart enough to be aware of the true nature of things. So
she probably has an intent of her own with organizing the prom.
"Well...its about that you know, the thing about Hiratsuka sensei being
shifted away."
"...You already knew that since the beginning?"
"Well, yeah. There was this time where I was going to hand in a report,
where I overheard about it through the conversation among the teachers."
Iroha said it without paying too much attention. This girl is truly amazing.
Not telling anyone else about the news after learning about it, and silently
worked on the prom...
I nodded in admiration, Iroha then said with slightly embarrassed tone.
"It was that time where I thought that, if I don't properly send her off, that if I
don't give her a proper farewell I'll definitely regret it."
"I never knew that you felt...that way towards Hiratsuka sensei....sniff."
I covered my mouth to hold back my sobs. Muh man, she really, really is a

85


good person. Such a beautiful mentor pupil love...That Iroha, who gets
scolded by Hiratsuka on a daily basis, and always shrugs off her comment
with a poker face.... Hiratsuka sensei, your love has really reached into your
students hearts...
As I was feeling moved, Iroha silently gazed away and whispered.
"Ah, well, yeah, I don't... to that kind of degree you know."
"Erm? What? What did you just say?"
But then again, this sounded more like a shitty excuse than an actual reason.
Iroha cleared up her throat through a few light coughs, then made a really
cute smile, and looked at me teasingly.
"Well, isn't senpai the exact same kind of person? The kind of person who,
will tell himself that he didn't manage to do anything, and feel regretful over
it."
"Well yeah, I guess so..."
It is true that I'm currently feeling regretful at the moment, which made my
true feelings blend into my voice, giving it a sense of solidness. Iroha then
nodded in satisfaction.
"I'm probably this type of person too."
Her words surprised me a little. As I looked at her in confusion, Iroha made a
pale, lonely smile, and looked into the distance.
"I mean even for someone like me, I don't actually have a lot of friends, isn't
so?"
"What kind of person did think you look from the outside..."
"Uhm hmm."
"Please continue"

86


Realizing that I've interrupted her, I nodded a few times as an apology, and
allowed her to continue. Iroha gave me a cold look, and sighed deeply, she
then lowered her head, playing with a small stone beside her shoes, and
slowly continued to speak.
"I only have you senpais. Which is why, I wanted to properly send of you,
Yukino and Yui senpai, Hayama senpai...and even Tobe senpai and a lot of
my other senpais off."
Her intermittent words weaved themselves into a gentle sound, which made
the edges of my mouth to lose tension. Boi, what an incredible kouhai that I
have here. If I don't reply her with a joking manner, I might really wet my
eyes before I know it.
"Ahaha, were you always that good of a person?"
"I'm doing this so that I won't have any regrets. It was all for myself, not for
the sake of you senpais alright."
Iroha emphasized her intent, and made a hmph sound while raising up her
chest. Under the illumination of the vending machine, her slightly reddish
ears were exposed among her swaying hair. I should probably pretend that I
never saw that.
To claim that all her actions were for the sake of herself, I don't necessarily
dislike such an attitude.
"...And that's why I wanted to make a prom."
Iroha looked up into the night sky with a dreamy expression, saying out her
wishes.
"Like this, to purposely work on something troublesome, spend a lot of time,
to think, to drown deep in thoughts, to the point where we feel stressful,
panicked, and starting to feel tired of each other ... and finally find ourselves
at peace, letting go of something we once held dear to. Is this not a refreshing
way to bid farewell?"

87


Looking at how Iroha raised up both of her arms with a wow, I finally
understood what she was talking about.
That process she said of is probably the path that I once walked on. Can I
struggle till the end in such an unpleasant way, and willingly accept our
separation?
"... Well, it's not that hard to understand."
"Really?"
Asked Iroha half teasingly towards the words that went out of my mouth.
Even if I knew that she was joking around, her eyes that are staring at me
shone with sincerity. So, I remained silent, only showing her a faint smile.
"If that's the case..."
Saying that, Iroha pulled onto the my scarf and stood up. She the made a turn
with her arm, and wrapped it around my neck like a gymnastic ribbon.
"Then be a little serious."
Even though she's still wearing a smile on her face, yet using a tone
completely different from the joking sounds from just now, she rebuked me.
This distance where we can feel each others white breath, and the surprise
from being scolded by a girl who is younger than me, made me froze for a
moment.

88


89


"Ah, ah, sorry..."
I took a few millimeters of distance away from her, and readjusted my scarf.
In order to hide my surprised and blushing face ninja style.
Seeing my reaction, Iroha sighed deeply, and then grabbed onto the corner of
my scarf, playing with it.
"If you start acting more serious, I can't get myself to feel serious too. It's a
problem alright, this kind of thing. It's so annoying to think of, it's so hard to
deal with, and it's so troublesome. Like very very troublesome."
Said Iroha, as she tightens the scarf, pinching it onto my chest. After she
beautifully rolled the scarf to the point no air could pass through its gaps, she
gave me a neko punch across the scarf.
"Ouch it hurts..."
Across the soft gloves and tightly wrapped scarf, I don't feel any pain from
her fist at all.
Yet, its sensation continues to echo solidly within my chest.

90


3-2
I turned on the lights in the living room, and whispered that I have returned.
However no one responded, only the chilly air swirls within the house.
My parents are still at work, Komachi might have gone out too. So where's
our beloved cat ... I made some thinking, and flipped up the quilt placed over
the heater. Among the darkness, a pair of flashy things could be seen, my
eyes lined up with that of Kamakura's, who's lying down comfortably beside
our heating machine.
Kamakura simply stared at my face, not meowing nor growling, staying
motionless. Telling me through its eyes "Human, the cold air is entering,
hurry up and close the kotatsu." Huh, it greets Komachi whenever Komachi
she comes back, but treats me with such an attitude? Why can't he be a little
more close to me, guess Kamakura doesn't like me getting near him huh... I
felt uneasy with that thought, telling him "I'm back.", let go of the blanket,
while turning on the switch to the heater, which tends to be turned off when
no one is left in the house... Time to warm myself up...
Since the cat already had its share of air conditioning, its time for the human
to enjoy his. I pressed on the remote control, adjusting the air conditioner to
greenhouse mode. Warm air then started to blow out, which made me finally
feel comfortable. I untied the scarf wrapped around my neck, and took a deep
breath.
I would usually spend the next few hours laying around lazily, but I don't
have that much free time to stay comfy right now.
After taking off my coat, I lay down on the sofa. Held my phone in my hands,
and started to search for information. The keywords being, prom nights.
'I will make the prom happen,' even though I made such a solid statement,
and even though me and Yukinoshita have decided on the directions we'll
take on separately. I'm still lacking actual content and resources.

91


First of all, I'll have to obtain as much info about proms as possible, before
shortlisting the things I can do.
After researching a certain amount of into, I paste them into the notebook,
writing down my own comments and ideas, and repeat the same process.
The information that I could find on the internet, are most probably content
that Yukinoshita and Iroha have went through and taken consideration of,
which makes me feel that no actual progression has been made. No matter
how much information I collect, it won't be easy to come out with a proposal
that could stand out more in comparison to that of Yukinoshita's.
Yukinoshita and the others were not wrong with their direction of fixing the
issues of the parents' concerns, but their plan doesn't seem to guarantee
anything either. Another rejection from the parents or the school will mean
that they'll have to start from scratch... urghhh... I don’t understand this~
can’t think anything~ can't find any inspiration at all~ I struggled with my
brain to figure out an idea, while rolling on the sofa.
There are less than two weeks until the graduation ceremony. If we take the
actual preparation time into consideration, I'm left with two to three days'
time to think of a solution. The proposal has to be done before that, its a
deadline that must not be exceeded.
No, wait a second, think about it in a more flexible mindset...
It is true that the deadline cannot be broken, but that doesn't necessarily mean
that it can't be delayed, isn't so? Ah hah, now that's how you deal with an
editor flexibly! Truly well played, man am I a genius.
Unfortunately, unlike the flyers back then, the opponent is not an editor, but a
scheduled activity that will not change its date, a much stricter timetable is
upon us.
We're being forced to a desperate situation right now.
For now, a change in perspective is necessary. This is when I have to change
my point of view. As I continued to think, I rolled down from the sofa, and

92


kept rolling until I went under the warm quilt kotatsu.
This is definitely a very weird act from the viewpoint of an outsider, but
history has proven that people who do strange things tends to lead them into
new ideas, especially when they give up on caring about the views of others.
After rolling myself under the blanket, under the dim light, Kamakura
seemed shocked, and fled to the corner furthest from me, looking at me with
eyes that spells "What is wrong with this guy ..."
AHA! EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED! This is time where, even a cat's paw
could be of use! If I place the ball of meat on its paw to rubs onto my eyelids,
it could heal up my tired eyes, bringing my soul towards inner peace, such
serene grace, leading us towards world peace, and the new series of
ARMORED CORE will be released!
Trying to get Kamakura lend me its paw, I reached out my arm towards it.
Which Kamakura responded by jumping out of the stove.
As I popped my head out of the kotatsu, not sure when exactly did she came
back, my eyes lined up with that of Komachi's, who stood in front of me with
a stern look.
"...What are you doing brother?"
As she stared at me coldly, Kamakura moved towards her feet, rubbing his
face onto her feet. Komachi then kneels down, rubbing all over Kamakura's
body. While maintaining her cold attitude towards me.
"Don't roll around in your uniform, go get a change clothes first. Its wrinkled
and there's sticking hair."
"Oh, alright..."
I answered while standing up, and began to loosen my tie while walking into
my room.
I quickly changed into my jersey and walked back into the living room.
Komachi who has also changed into her casual wear could be seen walking
93


into the kitchen.
"Onii, have you eaten yet?"
"Ah, no."
"Mom prepared a pot of stew , are you okay with it?"
"Well sure... not like there are any other choices."
I too, walked into the kitchen, secretly looking around to see if there's
anything else. But other than the bubbling contents within the clay pot,
nothing else could be seen above the stove. Come to think of it, we've been
having nothing else but hotpot for dinner recently ... The pitcher for noodles
in the summer, and the pitcher for hotpot in the winter, the battle for the
strike king title in this year is as exciting as usual.
As I shown a displeased face, Komachi pointed at me with a ladle while
placing her hand on her waist.
"If you have a problem with it, then make your own food."
"Alright……"
She seemed so upright about it, that I could only nod obediently. Preparing
dinner for us even when you're so busy, thank you mum and dad, very cool.
Well, in comparison to the days where we only had plain noodles, the charm
of hotpots lies in how they can come out with different trick balls, sumo pot
assorted pot chicken pot spicy cabbage curry and even porridge udon and so
on, which makes it just so much better. If you post such a thought on Twitter,
chances are that you'll receives a bunch of trash replies like "HaNGiNG
nOoDLeS ArE NoT thAt BaD! aS LoNG aS yoU pUt iN eFForT, yOu cAn
COmE ouT WiTH mANy VariATiOnS toO! LOL." that shit is truly
annoying, look our family cook noodles for the sake of its simplicity alright,
spending effort on making variations of it is doing the exact opposite. If your
reply them this way, you'll get even more dumb answers like "ThE kEY oF
CooKInG DeLIciOuS nOoDLeS, oNlY rEQuiReS PlAiN NoOdLEs. CoME

94


ovEr To MuH pLAce, I'lL ShOW yOU HoW iTS DoNe." this is just so
annoying, inviting people to their place the next day just to prove that, look I
have own plans too alright. This kind of person would spend a few hours
talking about the different tastes of plain noodle, just eat them that way, with
no other seasoning but a pinch of salt. Looking at these ingredient
enthusiasts, salt enthusiasts and soup enthusiasts arguing with each other is
just simply abnormal.
When you're eating something, its just best not be disturbed by anyone, this
sense of freedom is just...how do I say it, like you've been granted salvation!
In other words, eating with Komachi is simply the best isn't so? Like how that
one best brother has always said, Imouto Sae Ba Ii[8].
I then prepared two bowls, scooped up enough rice for the both of us, and
walked towards the kotatsu.
Komachi then carefully brought the pot over. After I cleaned up the table and
placed a pad on the table, she then placed the pot onto the table, while I
arranged the chopsticks and small bowls.
Komachi quickly filled up the small bowls with food and placed them in front
of me.
"Here, which one do you want?"
"Aren't them both the same..."
The taste shouldn't be that different ... and I'm not expert about hotpots either.
But after thinking for a while, I then compared the contents in both bowls.
One has slightly more cabbage, and the other has slightly more pork. Not too
much of a difference.
But since I was asked to choose, I'll have to decide on one of them. Like how
Iroha was forced to choose between the Max coffee and bean soup just now.
"Ah...ahhhh...so that's how it is."

95


A thought came to me that made me stared at the small bowls, so Komachi
picked up her head.
"Is there anything wrong?"
"No, nothing."
Answering that, I took the one with more pork in it. Komachi pulled over the
other small bowl to her side, and slapped her hands together.
"Well then, itadakimasu."
"Alright, itadakimasu."
Me and Komachi then started eating. The taste of the soup was properly
incorporated into the cabbage and pork, making them quite tasty, very nice.
Huh, it’s actually not bad. Might be an extreme statement but, boys won't
complain on their food as long as there's meat.
We ate silently for some time, the sound of Kamakura munching on cat food
could be heard from the far side of the kitchen.
"By the way, you came home pretty early today."
Its been a few days since the two of us had dinner together. I believe that
today is the first time since we that day our family celebrated on Komachi
passing her entrance exam. For the next few days after passing her entrance
exam, Komachi has been eating dinner with her friends, and always returning
home late in the night.
Komachi listened and nodded, answering as she chewed on a cabbage:
"Well, yeah, been pretty busy here ever since the result day."
"What are you even working on..."
Komachi then did some thinking, while counting on her fingers.
"Let see...thank you for all the hard work celebration, congratulations

96


celebration, thank you celebration, the long time no see celebration, the nice
to meet you celebration...and uhhhh..."
"How many celebrations are there exactly..."
By the way, what the hell is a nice to meet you day... who are you even
having a first meeting with... Is this sadness? Or is this courage? If this is the
case, then its time to say goodbye to my tears[9].
Looking at my puzzled face. Komachi, who's done counting her fingers,
smiled and reached out to me with a fist.
"Then, then, since there is no reservation today, so it's a brother's day? Ehehe,
Komachi scored very high with that one!"
"Yes...yes you did"
So she decided to have a brother's day through exclusion method huh, well,
fine by me. Having that say, this girl is truly nuts. Having so many outdoor
activities being planned for a few days time, she truly has the spirit of those
young people who would decide to hang out somewhere on a whim. Won't
she feel tired from being high for so many days... This sounds devastating to
me mental and wallet health.
"Having too much friends is also a problem huh..."
I said that while drinking my soup slowly. At least I can't live that way.
Komachi however, doesn't seem to bothered about my statement, and
answered normally.
"It's not just the school, I have a lot of relations with your student council.
We even contact each other on the SNS before entering school."
Ah, so that's what the nice to meet you gathering was about. But really?
Starting a social group before even entering school? That's some high
difficulty game mode.
"...Won't you feel awkward after entering school? For being so friendly with

97


each other before entering school, with the chance of ending up as total
strangers when you actually see them..."
Hearing that, the chopsticks that Komachi was holding froze in midair. She
then looked at me with an awkward smile and disheartened eyes.
"You really like to talk about such unpleasant things don't you onii-chan..."
"But that is something that might actually happen..."
"Well... I guess you're right... but it can't be helped isn't so?"
How dry~ Komachi superdry~[10] she seemed troubled just now for a
moment, but immediately replied me with a smile. Such a clean direct
attitude my sister has ... While I started to feel terrified with how bright my
sister’s future seems to be, I suddenly remembered of something.
"Is that Daishi guy coming too?"
Kawasaki Daishi, the brother of Sa WhateverHerNameIs Ki, also passed his
entrance exam to Sobu High a few days ago. This kid seems to have an
interest towards Komachi. If that piece of shit is also present at the nice to
meet you celebration, then I must eradicate this bug from getting near
Komachi! As I'm having very extreme thoughts, Komachi gave me a much
more extreme answer.
"Who? Ah, yeah I think he's joining."
"Ouch..."
Without even looking at me, replied Komachi as she added more food into
small bowl. In Komachi's heart, Daishi is just a far relative to us homo
sapiens? I'm starting to feel a little sympathetic towards him being mistreated,
press F to pay resp ... Nah what am I talking about, I don't care about that kid!

98


3-3
After cooking some porridge using the rest of the soup, clearing up all of its
contents, our stomachs were filled up, and I sat down leisurely drinking a cup
of tea.
Komachi put Kamakura onto her lap, grooming him while humming a song,
and I started scrolling on my phone while lying down.
A direction has been determined, but it's still lacking context. Prom night,
graduation party, searched through all possible keywords, yet I never came
across any inspiring information, I made a deep sigh and rolled over.
My eyesight eventually lined up with Komachi's, who is sitting in front of
me. She asked me what's wrong, tilting her head with a cute smile.
Looking at her, I remembered of something.
"By the way... you are about to graduate soon right."
"Yep."
I asked her straightforwardly, which Komachi nodded while answering.
A strong atmosphere of celebration has been going on, since everyone's
attention was put onto the the fact that Komachi will be entering high school,
but before that, Komachi will also have to go through her secondary school's
graduation ceremony. Even if junior high school and high school might have
some differences, they are both based on the concept of graduates celebrating
on the new phase of life they're about to step into.
I wonder if I can get any inspirations for the prom from her.
"Speaking of graduation, do you have any plans?"
"Hmm? That's a weird question."

99


Komachi smiled awkwardly, but she also looked up and did some thinking.
"Graduation... Ah, Komachi wants to go to her graduation trip."
Answered Komachi, as if she just remembered about it. In this instant, I
sprung up.
"Yoooo, this is the first time I heard about it. What about me?"
"Huh, of course you won't be joining us. Its not like we're travelling with our
parents or your friends."
I shook my hand towards Komachi in refusal. "No, no, nonononono, having
an overnight trip is a no! I won't allo..." I tried holding back my words on my
throat as I realized that I was about to say 'I won't allow it, but Komachi
seems to have heard half of it, and stared at me with a cold look.
Komachi is no longer a child after all... continuing to act like an
overprotective brother might be a little too much for us. As a result, Komachi
started to look impatient, let out a deep breath, and continued saying.
"And there's the graduation party. Well, which is basically just everyone in
the class having a meal together."
"Ok..."
I made a casual response, while secretly writing down notes on my phone.
The graduation trip kind of a problem, but the graduation party makes sense.
Every one having dinner at the nearby barbecue shop, enjoy the food while
chatting, something like that. Or even, go to a better place, like the legendary
first class yakiniku restaurant in Japan 'Akamon' for example. At least
Akamon's the best option for people living in Chiba. People who live outside
of Chiba might probably choose somewhere like 'Sengoku'.
... But then again, when she said 'everyone' in the class, does she literally
meant everyone? Like, there tends to be that one or two persons who never
gets an invitation (through my observation) you know? The outlier of the
class you know? Apparently I am quite familiar with this aspect you know!?
100
