Chapter 5: Gallantly, Hiratsuka Shizuka walks ahead.
The prom was held according to schedule. By the time we finished cleaning up the venue, it had
gotten late. We left the vacant gymnasium and moved to the conference room of the main building.
Everyone involved in the logistics of the prom were gathering there.
It wasn't a particularly large group. It included the following: the main staff consisting of the
student council and Yukinoshita, helper grunts from various clubs, Yuigahama, Hiratsuka-sensei,
individuals from the parents association, and me.
To acknowledge the achievements of all related persons such as the performers, staff, and others,
a quick and modest celebration, more akin to a milestone celebration, was held to acknowledge their
efforts.
Everyone surrounded a long table that was loaded with easy meals and beverages. Isshiki stood at
the front and darted her eyes around the room, confirming that everyone had a paper cup. Then, she
poked Yukinoshita beside her with her elbow.
“Yukino-senpai, can you raise a toast?”
“M-Me?” Yukinoshita said in befuddlement.
Isshiki nodded while silently pressuring her to get the formalities over with. The two engaged in a
brief unspoken back-and-forth staring contest, but eventually, Yukinoshita faltered with a sigh.
“Then, I would like to take this moment to say a few things...” Her eyebrows curved against each
other, and her mouth formed a bit of a pout. Looking reluctant, she took a step forward with her paper
cup. Then, she raised her face with an invigorated smile. “We were able to successfully hold the prom
due to the support of everyone here. To the collaborators, I truly thank you for your cooperation. And I
would like to express my gratitude to the involved staff as well. Going forward, the prom will be
adopted as another tradition of Sobu High School, and I pray that we, the third years, can be sent off in
a similar fashion next year as well... Cheers.”
Her long-winded toast indicated she was in fairly high-spirits as opposed to her visible reluctance
earlier. Afterwards, everyone cheered in unison. I held my cup up at a moderate height, and my
neighbor Yuigahama extended out her cup.
“Great work today!”
“Yeah, you, too,” I said, and touched cups. The conversation, however, died from there...
Embarrassed and feeling awkward from the dance we had, I wasn't able to make eye contact with
her. I looked at her from the corner of my eye to see that she was sharing the same sentiment and was
sipping her cup while fiddling with her smartphone. Then, in recollection of something, she tapped my
shoulder.
“Oh, by the way, Orimoto-san sent me a message over LINE. She wanted to know what your plans
are.”
“Huh...? Oh.”
I had no idea what she was referring to when she asked, but seconds later, I remembered. I had
dragged Kaihin Sogo High School into my dummy prom proposal, so I could make it sound realistic. I had
one meeting with them to discuss the appeal of the plan as well as the accomplishments it would give
them, but had them on indefinite hold due to the busyness of the prom.
Shoot, I totally forgot about them...
Now that the prom had ended without incident, I needed to clean up after my dummy prom.
Specifically speaking, as the planner, I needed to apologize in prostration, or in a well-done prostration,
or in a juicy, fried prostration.
“I'll talk to her. Can you get her mailing address, number, or whatever for me?”
“Mm, roger,” she said, and immediately contacted Orimoto. A melody played from her smartphone
after receiving a correspondence within moments.
“Okay, sent.”
“Thanks...”
I checked my smartphone to see Yuigahama's mail. I began pondering how I should go about
apologizing until I realized my conversation with Yuigahama had stopped again. The fact that we were
88
focused on our phones despite being right next to each other was like a miniature of modern Japan. But
regardless, even this close-range silence was starting to bother me. I couldn't think of a tasteful and
witty topic to talk about.
As I groaned, Isshiki advanced to the center of the drawing room and called for everyone's
attention by raising her hand.
“Everyone, we have light snacks prepared for you, though I'm sorry to say they're just leftovers
from catering. We'll have to throw them out if there's any remaining, so please help yourselves and then
some!” She merrily announced with a guts pose. However, that candid announcement caused everyone
to shrink back.
“No one's going to get hungry if you put it that way...”
“Ahaha... I think I'll grab something, though.” Yuigahama formed a wry smile, and hurried over to
the table. I rested my back against the wall as I watched her leave.
Well, when conversations weren't going anywhere, food or tea were helpful in filling your lonely
mouth. That way, you could have excuses like, “My mouth's full right now! That's why I can't talk!”
Cigarettes had a similar effect, because there's data indicating that 80% of smokers took a puff when it
was silent, or when they had nothing to say (self-research). These thoughts might've been the reason
why I could make out the permeating heavy smell of tar in the air.
“Good job with the prom today. I had a lot of fun watching you.” Hiratsuka-sensei approached
with the wave of her hand and looked to have finished smoking elsewhere.
“You were only watching? You should've just joined, then. It's the prom and all.”
The prom was planned for all the people who were leaving the school. I felt Hiratsuka-sensei, and
not just the students, also had the right to participate.
She shrugged. “My stage will be the farewell ceremony. I'll be the star there.”
When she acted in theatrical jest, I let out a bitter laugh. Her farewell ceremony was scheduled at
the beginning of April and was indeed a stage specifically prepared for her. Since it was classified as a
school event, we wouldn't be able to act as informally as we do now. We were one teacher and one
student, and we would merely part ways in silence. That's not to say that didn't make me lonely, but
there's no point in bringing it up. I made the same sarcastic smile that pulled one cheek upwards like I
would usually do.
“I doubt you'll get to dance during that.”
“That's true, which is a shame. I wanted to dance with you, too.” She smiled.
Something about her statement bothered me. “With you, too...” The instant I understood the
implication, ripples formed on the surface of the beverage in my cup.
“You saw us...?” I kept myself from being upset and gave her a reproachful stare. She returned an
implicating smile, and that made me realize the hidden meaning behind what she said earlier about
having fun watching me. Oh boy, I want to die.
As I held my head from the embarrassment, I could hear upbeat chatter. I lifted my head to see
Yukinoshita and Yuigahama walking together this way. Isshiki casually followed them from behind.
“Good work today,” said Yukinoshita, and she slightly raised her cup.
I nodded, and similarly raised mine. “Yeah... I'm glad everything worked out.”
“Thank you...”
We merely exchanged placid words, never touching our cups together. The liquid's surface of my
cup persisted in its stillness. An extremely peaceful period continued as Yuigahama and Isshiki similarly
expressed their gratitude with smiles for today's efforts.
With the core staff gathered here, it was only natural that the people making the rounds would
find their way to us. One of them was, of course, Yukinoshita's mother.
“It was a wonderful event.”
When she approached with Haruno-san in tow, Yukinoshita set her cup on the table, straightened
her posture, and courteously lowered her head.
“Thank you very much for your cooperation. We were able to hold the event without any
significant problems because of your guidance.”
“Not at all. I also want to thank you for listening to my sudden request.” Her mother returned
with the same formality, and bowed her head. Upon lifting their heads, they looked at each other with a
smile.
89
“You did well in managing the entire event. I'm quite impressed.”
Her mother placed her folding fan to her mouth and made a gentle smile. Her teasing tone caused
Yukinoshita to fidget in embarrassment, but after noticing the attention she was attracting from
everyone, she coughed. Well, it's a little embarrassing talking to your mom in front of everyone, after
all...
As everyone smiled and watched the mother and daughter pair with displaced warmth, a
prominent laugh with a cheery tone interjected.
“I had a lot of fun watching, too. Yep, good stuff.”
They were mere pleasantries, nothing more. But since it came from her, from Yukinoshita Haruno,
it wasn't possible to take them at face value. I frowned, sensing the unsettling presence underneath her
amicable exterior, and she jovially laughed again. She joined her family with a grin that resembled the
Cheshire Cat.
“This is the kind of thing Yukino-chan wanted to do, after all. That's your plan for the future too,
right?”
“Wanted to do...?” Yukinoshita's mother tilted her head and glanced at Haruno-san.
She sneered, and then immediately looked away. Then she muttered indifferently, “Why don't you
ask her?”
Her mother shifted her gaze from the older sister to the younger. Yukinoshita's fingers twitched, a
sign of her nervousness.
“About that... I'm interested in father's work, and I want to get involved in the future.”
Her mother placed her hand to her mouth as she listened to her daughter slowly explaining her
position, almost as if she had swallowed her words of surprise. Unable to bear her mother's fixed gaze,
Yukinoshita looked down.
“I'm aware that what I did today won't directly influence my future, and I know it won't be a
guarantee for anything, either. I'm not talking about right now, but some time in the future...” She
enunciated each of her words, and took a small breath. “But for the time being, I just want you to know
how I feel on the matter.”
She gradually lifted her face to meet her mother's eyes. After listening thoroughly, her mother
folded her fan and narrowed her eyes. “Is that truly how you feel...?”
Her tone was chilling, something that even I could tell just from observing. Her gaze was devoid of
the tenderness moments ago, almost as if she was sizing down a rival. Everyone present held their
breaths from the tension. I could physically feel the icing atmosphere. That prompted me to avert my
eyes, only for me to witness Haruno-san ogling her nails in tedium.
Yukinoshita visibly flinched for an instant from her mother's piercing glare, but eventually
mustered a nod. Her mother scrutinized her daughter's hardened expression, but suddenly broke into a
smile.
“I see... I understand. If that's truly what you want, I'll support your decision. Let's take it slow
and think things over from now on, because there's no need to rush.”
Yukinoshita nodded back to her smile. Then, her mother readjusted her posture. “It's gotten
rather late, so I should be on my way.” She sent a glance to Haruno-san, who returned her eye contact
and indicated to go on ahead. “Have a good night.”
Yukinoshita's mother bowed, and Hiratsuka-sensei accompanied her.
“I'll walk you out.”
“Oh no, here is fine.”
“Please, I insist. I'll walk you to the gates.”
“No, no, thank you for the kind gesture, but there are still many students here.”
“Thank you for your concern. At least allow me to walk you to the door.”
“Oh, my apologies, and thank you. Once again, thank you for taking care of my daughter today.”
Hiratsuka-sensei engaged Yukinoshita's mother in a courteous tug of war, both of them trying to
compromise with the other, while slowing, but surely, making way to the door.
“We should call it a night, too. Umm, attention student council members, let's send everyone
home and ensure all the doors are locked.” Isshiki clapped her hands, and the student council members
dispersed, politely expressing their gratitude to all the helpers while sending them off.
90
As for the three of us, we were assaulted by a weariness that induced a hearty sigh from us all.
“That was kinda scary...”
“No kidding... Mothernon's frightening...” I said with a substantial tone.
“What do you mean 'mothernon'...?” She made a dry laugh. That, however, dissolved the strain
atmosphere, and she smiled at Yukinoshita beside her. “Anyway, it's great things worked out. Right,
Yukinon?”
“Y-Yes, you're right... Thank you.”
Yukinoshita still had a stiff smile from her nerve-wrecking confrontation with her mother. But after
slowly mustering her words, her shoulders began to relax.
“Nee-san, thank you, too...” Yukinoshita whispered.
Haruno-san acted obtuse and tilted her head. “For?”
“For a lot of things, like putting in a word for me.” Yukinoshita chewed her words out of
embarrassment from her questioning clarification. Her sweet, but blunt manner of speech caused
Yuigahama to broadly smile.
I recalled the promise that Haruno-san made some time ago to talk to their mother for her.
Surprisingly, even she acted like an older sister sometimes.
Yet, when she was thanked, she had a blank look. If anything, she looked annoyed as she combed
her hair with her fingers. Then, she opened her mouth indifferently.
“Oh, that? That really wasn't my intention when I said I'd do that for you.”
Her voice was cold and sounded as if she had no recollection of the promise. The amicable
attitude she had earlier went through a complete transformation. She ignored our bewildered reactions,
and inclined her head to the side with her index finger on her chin. “Hmm, well, I guess mom seemed
pretty convinced? I can't say the same for everyone else, though. Right?”
Her words, contrary to her sweet smile, couldn't be construed as anything but malicious.
“Why are you asking us...?” Yuigahama gave her an audacious glare, and Yukinoshita seemingly
squeezed Yuigahama's hand out of reflex. In response to the growing hostility, I found myself tensing up.
However, Yukinoshita Haruno was unaffected by the animosity and maintained her cheerful tone.
“At the very least, I'm not convinced.”
“What...?”
The words flew out of my mouth. I was sure I had an inane look on my face. Haruno-san let out a
ridiculing laugh.
“I can't accept it.”
The voice that uttered those words was undeniably Yukinoshita Haruno's. Yet there was someone
else who was afflicted by those very same words. The doubt that had lay dormant in my chest was
something I had sought to drag by the wayside, put to rest, and leave to rot, and now, I felt it was
verbalized. The hallucination of that doubt being hit on the nose robbed me of the energy to voice my
objection.
My silence oralized more than any word ever could, and Haruno-san took that as a sign to add to
her words. “I mean, don't get me wrong. I honestly don't care what happens in the family. It's not like I
want to take over the family business or anything.”
“Then...”
Yukinoshita's attempt to respond was cut short, and what was reflected in her gaze was Harunosan's
scornful smile. Her lips still resembling that of a smile, Haruno-san continued.
“But you know? I've been treated on the assumption I would the entire time, so you can't expect
me to suddenly be okay with it. I resigned myself to the fact since there wasn't much I could do and
settled on a compromise. Now this is happens...? Don't you think it's a bit of stretch that I'd be so readily
convinced after all that?”
Yukinoshita gritted her teeth, her expression clouded from a mix of bewilderment and grief. She
hung her head and reverted to a childish tone. “Why are you saying that now...?”
“That's my line... Why are you saying how you feel now after all this time?”
Her admonishing words, stated with a soothing and gentle tone, were drenched with melancholic
pity. Yukinoshita Haruno's expression, for the first time, cracked. In seeing that face, Yukinoshita lost
her voice. Subject to the gazes that watched with pity, Haruno-san narrowed her eyes to show her
91
displeasure.
“Do you really think I can accept your decision to be even remotely equivalent to the last twenty
years of my life? You're going to have to show me something worthwhile if you seriously want me to
relinquish everything to you.”
Her words sounded composed, but the aggression in her tone wasn't subtle in the least. In contrast
to her curved lips, her eyes were overwhelming, robbing our ability to even speak. She sneered at the
abrupt silence.
“Anyway... I'm going to say hi to Shizuka-chan before going home. See you,” she said, and walked
away with light steps. Before closing the door, she waved at me and left the conference room.
Until her faint footsteps disappeared completely, we were unable to lift a finger, nor were we
even able to look at each other's faces. It's possible I was the only one with my gaze glued to the floor.
With only the three of us now present, the room felt far bigger and colder than a few moments ago.
As silence and unease began to permeate, Yukinoshita muttered. “Um, I'm sorry... for the strange
things my sister said.”
“It's nothing new. I'm used to it now.”
“Oh, that's true.” Yuigahama broadly smiled, prompting Yukinoshita to smile as well.
“I see. I'm relieved to hear you two say that.” The mood seemingly grew flaccid, but Yukinoshita
still retained a cloudy expression. “But I think she was serious today. It just means those twenty years
were that heavy.”
That was something only she could feel as someone who lived in the same space. But for an
outsider like myself, I couldn't imagine or even sympathize with the notion.
This clearly wasn't the time to sneak in a boorish joke. I could tell that much. The only thing I
could do was nod. However, Yuigahama chose differently.
She closed the distance between Yukinoshita and herself, one step at a time, and nestled by her
side.
“Yukinon, the past year for you... for us is just as heavy. I don't think it's about the length.”
Yukinoshita raised her face to her gentle voice, and my eyes were similarly fixed on Yuigahama's
poignant expression. Then, Yuigahama inhaled, puffed her chest, and formed a fist with both of her
hands.
“The year was just as weird, too!”
“What do you mean by weird...?”
I could feel the strength leaving my shoulders, and even my voice was pathetic by my standards.
Yukinoshita also looked absentminded, but gradually began to giggle. In turn, I was able to manage a
smile as well.
“Well, it was pretty weird. The Service Club was kind of insane from the beginning.”
Yukinoshita glanced at me. “Most of it was because of you, though.”
“Yep, yep. That's why, it was a lot fun... You kept doing weird stuff all the time, so there were
some sad things, some bad things, and some painful things that happened along the way, though.”
Yuigahama's gaze slightly lowered, prompting Yukinoshita and me to follow. What we looked at
were not our feet, but the trail that led us to this point. Our respective and unspoken memories
populated that path.
Someday, we would reminisce on the time we spent together, a time that lasted for almost a year.
We would laugh over it without touching upon what truly mattered, merely searching for the things that
made us nostalgic. But for now, we reflected over the memories that strangled our chests, the
experiences that agonized our hearts, and our fleeting feelings. And so, our laughter overlapped.
Yuigahama lifted her face and gave us a tender look. “But more than anything else, it was a long
year full of fun, happy, and lovable things.”
“You're right... I think I can that with confidence as well.”
“Yep.”
I retracted my jaw in response to their words. There was no need for me to say it, either. For me,
this had to have been the longest year in my life. Soon, it was going to end.
Yukinoshita slowly looked over the empty conference room. “I suppose this wraps up our last job.”
Both her whispers and wandering gaze weren't directed at us, but at various things: the long table
92
for catering, the unused paper cups, the jet-black space beyond the window, the courtyard lights with
their forlorn glow, the special building enshrouded in darkness, and the wall clock that continued to tick
endlessly. In time, her gaze returned back to us.
“I think now is as good a time as any to end things once and for all, not because of what nee-san
said, but because this is the best time to do so.”
“I think I'd be okay if we could keep continuing like we always have, but if that's what you want,
Yukinon, I'm fine with it, too.”
The two's eyes misted over from their earlier transparency and were directed to me. It was as if
they were waiting for my answer. But there was no point in posing the question to me, because I never
had a say in the first place. I only started because I was forced by Hiratsuka-sensei, who was leaving at
the end of the school year. The competition we were thrown into, too, ended on my loss.
That's why, I didn't raise an objection.
“I...”
This was fine. This was correct. There's nothing wrong with this ending. I was convinced with
everything. Just like the two said, this was what we wished for, this was the proper way for things to
be, and this was our one conclusion.
In spite of all of that, I was unable to eke out another word.
My throat was lodged with my breaths and was in pain. I swallowed my moist breaths at an
attempt of hydration, only to simultaneously push my words back into my lungs. I pushed against the
back of my neck with my hand in hopes of squeezing out a word, but only my shallow sighs came out.
Both of them patiently waited. In the quiet room where our heavy breaths continuously echoed, I
gritted my teeth. And there, a busy clamor interjected from the opening of the door to which we
turned.
“Hello, everyone... Err, is something wrong?”
Isshiki returned with the student council and became startled after looking at us, perhaps sensing
the abnormal mood in the room.
I shook my head. “Nothing. Are you guys done?”
“We are. We just have this room left. Anyway, thank you for your work today.”
“All right... I'll be on my way, then.”
“Huh? We still need to clean up here...”
I hastily left the conference room without bothering to hear Isshiki's reply. But it didn't take more
than a few steps into the hallway for my strides to begin slowing.
It was already completely dark outside, and the hallway was weakly lit by the overhead
fluorescent lights. The dim space expanded before me, and I dragged my legs through it. And there,
weak footsteps approached me from behind.
“Hikigaya-kun, wait.”
Suddenly, a distressed voice stopped me in my tracks including the weak sensation of a tug at my
sleeve. I didn't have it in me to turn around, but I couldn't ignore it or shake it off. The fingertips that
gripped my sleeve to keep me from fleeing, and only the sleeve had kept me in place. I stood still, and
my lost voice turned to exhaled breaths, and I found myself gazing at the ceiling. After I was able to
release everything from my lungs, I settled down before turning half of my body around.
Standing before me was Yukinoshita Yukino. Her hair that streaked darker than the night was
disheveled, and she combed it into shape with her hands. She was a little out of breath, looking as if
she had hurried after me. She gripped the bosom of uniform to get her breathing in control and slowly
spoke.
“Um... I wanted to make sure I told you this.”
Her eyes wandered as she tried to look for her words, and eventually stopped on the windows of
the hallway. Unable to look directly at her white slender profile, I looked toward the dark window. The
light of the hallway shined against the glass and reflected the two of us. I watched her steadily through
the glass.
“Thank you for helping me today... but I don't mean just today, but for everything up until now. I'm
sorry for putting you through so much.”
“You don't need to apologize. If anything, I'm the one who put you through a lot more. Why don't
we just call it even?”
93
In the glass reflection, I gave her a half-smile. When our eyes met in the reflection, she smiled.
“You're right, you really were quite the handful. Even it is, then.” She teased with a buoyant
voice. However, her expression reflected in the glass looked transient, though that may have been the
fault of the lighting.
“Thank you so much for all the times you've helped me. But... I'll be fine now. From now on, I'll do
my best to handle things better on my own.”
She strengthened the grip on my sleeve ever so slightly, and that prompted me to turn to her. The
high beams of passing cars on the road the main building faced lit the dark hallway for an instant. I
narrowed my eyes from the glare, and in that moment, I was able to catch sight of her expression that
looked to be on the verge of tears.
“That's why...”
The roar of the engines and the bluish-white lights disappeared into the distance along with her
voice. Even though I wasn't able to hear the continuation of her words, I had a rough idea of what idea
what they were.
They were the very same words that had been on a repetitive refrain in my chest ever since the
day from a few days ago when I had shut the door to the clubroom and released my fingers from the
cold knob; the words, “It's fine,” and “Let's put an end to this.”
“Yeah, I understand. Don't worry.” In truth, I really didn't understand a thing, and they were
merely words to end the conversation. “See you.”
Even though I gave her my parting words, her fingertips showed no sign of letting go of my sleeve.
It wasn't like she was gripping tightly. I could've easily shaken them off with a weak pull of my sleeve.
But her fingers appeared so delicate, I didn't have it in me to treat them in a rough manner.
That's why, using my boorish fingers, I did my utmost to be as gentle as possible as if I was
handling a broken object when I touched her fingers and gently, but surely, pulled her fingers away.
Reluctant from making physical contact with her, my fingertips trembled. Or perhaps, her fingers were
the ones that trembled from the sudden contact. But before I could confirm either, our fingers
separated.
“Bye...”
I thrust my fingers into my pockets, feeling the chill at the tips, and turned. I left the place
without looking back. But no matter how much time had passed, I could only hear the sound of one set
of footsteps echoing in the hallway.
X X X
On the second floor of the main building, the lights of the entrance to the office for visitors were
switched off. The light in the office that was visible from the left of the doorway was on, but due to its
weak intensity, the entrance was dim.
Despite the darkness, the light that poured in through the small window of the reception room
allowed me to catch sight of the woman pressing her back against the glass door. There wasn't any need
for me to guess who the stature belonged to; it was Yukinoshita Haruno.
Haruno-san looked to be passing the time by occupying herself with her smartphone. The backlight
of her screen illuminated her well-kept and beautiful features. But she gave off an impression much
colder than usual because of the apathy that filled her face.
Upon hearing my footsteps, she glanced in my direction. Because her eyes were aimed downwards
and the glare of the street lights, I wasn't able to perceive her expression, but it looked as if she was
giggling.
It was only when she stepped away from the door that I could see her face clearly. With frigid eyes
and a gloomy smile, she teasingly said, “You ran away, after all.”
My brow flinched in reaction, and I was on the verge of clicking my tongue. In seeing my distorted
expression, Haruno-san cackled.
I really couldn't deal with this person, because it felt like she could always see through my mind
and intentions. In hopes of showing some semblance of resistance, I snapped back.
“That's rich, since you're the one that called me here.”
She merely shrugged, neither denying my words or looking fazed.
94
Right before she left the conference room, she deliberately hinted at where she would be while
giving an implicating glance. Any would fool would understand those signals. I really could've just
ignored her and gone straight home, but then she would've found a different way to get in touch, either
through Hayama or through Komachi. That's what she had always done in the past. To save myself the
trouble, I decided to confront her now.
At the end of the day, I couldn't ignore this person.
Her penetrating words, her dreadful tone that pricked at your throat, the glint in her eyes that
were sharp enough to freeze over, her beautiful profile that resembled her little sister, her mature and
cheerful mask, the occasional display of her innocence, and her lamentable kind smile were all things
that weighed down my mind, something I was sure she knew as well. But even though I knew I was
dancing in the palm of her hands, I still had to ask.
“Why would you say those things? Just what in the world are you trying to do?”
Irritation dyed my question, and I spat out the question that had been lurking in the pits of my
stomach.
Yukinoshita Haruno's conduct would always send ripples into my heart, or rather, our hearts. Even
when we were finally trying to put an end to things peacefully, she barged in with a rock to introduce
even more problems.
I wouldn't stand for her making things messier than they already were.
My words became sharper than I had thought, and my tone turned rough. She confronted my glare
with a collected demeanor.
“I already told you. Anything works for me, and I'm okay with one way or the other. I don't really
care about my family's situation, either. It really doesn't matter if it's Yukino-chan that succeeds the
family, or if it's me.” In hearing something she had similarly spat out earlier, I sighed. That prompted
her to look beyond the glass window. “I just want to be convinced, no matter the ending.”
Her additional words were almost a repetition of what she had just said, so they meant nothing.
But there was a lonely timbre in her voice that resembled pity.
Once again, I could no longer understand Yukinoshita Haruno.
There were times where she'd hide her good intentions behind a veil of malice and act as the
devil's advocate so she could be detested or disliked. On the other hand, there were times when she'd
talk in an extremely gentle way and show a sorrowful side to her. If this contrasting behavior was all an
act, I could only throw in the towel. Regardless of what I did, I would always be in the palm of her
hand.
“Are you saying we should show our sincerity? Are you the yakuza of feelings...?”
I let out a loud sigh in complete perplexity at her and made a ridiculing smile. Fond of my
reaction, she giggled. “I won't deny that, but... I don't think my mother's convinced, either.”
“She seemed optimistic, though?” I said, remembering her amicable smile.
Haruno-san burst into laughter, giving me an inane look. “She's not the kind of person who'd be
convinced that easily. It's why she only gave a non-answer, which basically confirmed nothing. I'm sure
Yukino-chan's aware of it, though.”
Her manner of speaking which merely demonstrated her understanding of the situation without a
yay or a nay and postponed the issue for later was just like a form of diplomacy. And it seemed
Yukinoshita must've caught on to that. It only hit me now that her tense smile and stiff shoulders were
indicative of that.
“You're not family for nothing...”
It was only because they had accumulated the time together that they were able to accurately
interpret each other's intricate feelings. Komachi and I were a testament to that.
Having known her for less than a year, I couldn't read that far. When it came to her mother and
older sister's change in expressions, gestures, and meaingful words, reading them was impossible.
I had the sentiment that there wasn't much I could do about that, but Haruno-san saw through
that and added with a laugh. “Anyone could tell if they were there. It doesn't have to be me, her older
sister, or her mother, either. I'm sure as her friends, you could tell too, right?”
“We're not close enough to be considered friends, so it's hard to say.”
“That's your answer after everything that's happened? You're the best... You really are stubborn.”
Despite her smile, her gaze was as cold as ever. Losing interest, she let out a bored sigh and opened the
95
glass door. “I doubt anyone was convinced.” She made a passing remark and went outside.
I followed after her and stepped down the floor plank. But I was still wearing my indoor slippers. I
gave my footwear a bitter glare and clicked my tongue. Changing my shoes would've been too much
work, so I went outside with my indoor slippers and hurried down the stairs.
“Um, why is that?” I caught up to her after descending the stairs and asked.
She stopped and slowly turned around to me. Her black pupils that reflected the glow of the
street lights was thinly moist, and the gaze I could see directly looked as if it was in tears. “Because...
her wish is just a form of compensation.”
That single word alone made me feel my legs shake, and I found myself stumbling.
Compensation; the act of gratifying one's original desire through another goal because the initial
goal could not be achieved due to some obstructing factor. In short, it was a form of deceiving yourself
with something fake. If her wish was merely a means of deceiving herself over something, would I really
be able to acknowledge that?
I stood there speechless. She looked at me, took one step up the stairs to level her eyes with
mine, and gently whispered. “The three of you, Yukino-chan, Hikigaya-kun, and Gahama-chan, did your
best to convince yourselves, right? You tell yourselves for the sake of it, you find the right words for the
sake of it, and you avert your eyes from it...”
Stop it. Don't say anymore. I was well aware of it. But no matter how much I pleaded, she
continued further, her gaze turning into pity, and her tone turning into consoling.
“You make excuses for it, and you rationalize it... You do that to look the other way just so you
could fool yourselves, right?”
Her recitation was disinterested in any semblance of a reply from me, and I heard it all too well.
Her voice, her breaths, and her words penetrated my chest as if it as being eroded by water.
A bellow that I couldn't tell was my inhaling breaths or exhaling breaths clogged my lungs, making
me unable to use my voice.
I knew all along. I gloated with some excuse like the pride of a man, yet what I did was ultimately
no different from what I had been doing before. No, it was even worse, because I was coercing those
two into swallowing a huge lie.
I gritted the back of my teeth with a strength that could shatter them. Haruno-san gently rubbed
my cheek, moving her long and slender fingers as if she was handling a broken object.
“That's why, I told you before.” She made a faint smile, slipped her finger from my cheek, and
poked my chest. “You can't get drunk.”
“I guess so...” I said, wringing out my voice.
Haruno-san formed a smile that resembled hers and twisted in sorrow. That ephemeral smile
looked like it could even break into tears and stabbed at my chest.
Right before the stage blacked out, I looked down toward the opposing stage wing to see her wave
back with a transient smile. The pain that tormented me then was now tormenting me once again.
“If you don't end things properly, it'll fester for the rest of your life. It'll never end. I know,
because I've been deceiving myself that way for the past twenty years. I've been living a life like some
kind of imitation.”
Her repenting monologue was both fragile and fickle, and her eyes that looked into the distance
were moist. Her maturity and alluring spontaneity were nowhere to be seen, and she seemed even more
childish than me.
It felt like I was able to get a glimpse of who Yukinoshita Haruno truly was for the very first time.
Ignoring my perplexed state, she took a step back and turned her back. “Hey, Hikigaya-kun, does
something genuine really exist...?”
The night wind carried her lonely words away into the darkness. She combed her disordered hair
and walked away as if pursuing the direction of the wind. She descended the stairs and upon
approaching the school gates, she turned back and waved with a gentle smile.
I could only stand there in a daze and watch her beautiful upright figure from behind. I didn't even
have the energy to wave back. When she completely disappeared from my sight, my legs buckled and I
sank onto the stairs.
All I wanted was for Yukinoshita Yukino to make her choice, to make her decision, and to say her
words from the bottom of her heart. But if those were all just part of her wish that amounted to
96
nothing more than compensation as a result of her resignation, then her answer was wrong.
Her words contained no lies, but it was the process that led to her answer that was twisted. No,
the one who twisted it was me, Hikigaya Hachiman.
I was well aware that there could only be one answer, yet I continued to avoid choosing it, I made
excuses to push it along, and I forced a twisted deception onto her through an act of fallacious
swindling.
I depended on her kindness, I indulged in her sincerity, and I pretended to be drunk on a
momentary dream, all so I could insist that it was the right answer.
Calling it wrong at this point was beyond a simple case of being presumptuous. It was a hopeless
imitation that disgraced your worth by merely existing.
X X X
As the shades of night covered the school building, I sat on the stairs inattentively, ignoring the
chilling breeze. Several cars had driven by on the road in front of me, but beyond that, nothing else had
moved. It was long past the time for students to head home, so not a single soul was in sight.
I continued sitting, unable to muster the energy to rise, and the glass door behind me opened. I
could hear the loud tapping noise of footsteps and I turned my head. I promptly received a light impact
at the top of my head.
“Hey, don't wear your slippers outside.”
I looked up to see Hiratsuka-sensei had just given me a karate chop. I rubbed my head thinking
how it had been a while since I received one, and she sighed. She then presented her chopping hand.
“I was just about to lock up. Hurry up and go get your shoes.”
It's gotten late, so I really shouldn't loiter here all day. I didn't check the time, but I knew a fair
amount of time had passed. Urged on, I finally got to my feet and brushed off the sand on my coat.
I began climbing one step at a time, and Hiratsuka-sensei crossed her arms with a sigh, making
sure I was on my way home. After making to the top, I nodded to her and entered the school building.
The lights of the office and faculty room were still on, though that mostly wasn't the case for the
hallway. It was easy to navigate through the darkness because of the glow from outside and the
emergency exit lights, but my gait was heavy. With how late it was, it had gotten fairly chilly, so I had
to hug myself to stay warm.
“Hikigaya.”
I was called from behind, and I turned to see Hiratsuka-sensei was quietly following me. On closer
inspection, she was walking in only her socks and wasn't wearing any footwear. She was prepared to
head home with her court shoes in hand. She walked alongside me, wearing a coat instead of her white
gown, and lightly patted my back to straight my back.
She smiled. “It's gotten late, so I'll take you home.”
“No, that's okay. I have my bike.”
“Now, now, don't be modest. Just leave your bike here.”
What's with her? Was she some bike spirit or something? She pushed me along in a hurry without
lending an ear to my protest. In the end, we made it to the entrance together, and then I was partly
dragged to the parking lot.
The lot was empty with only about two to three cars present. One of them was a foreign luxury
car that looked out of place for a school, and its headlights flashed on, activated by Hiratsuka-sensei's
smart key. When she walked up to her beloved car, she made furtive looks around and beckoned me
over.
“Get in quick. Like, now.”
“Right...”
I sat in the passenger's seat as she demanded and fastened my seat belt. She quickly took the
driver's seat and turned on the engine, which caused a low rumbling noise in my stomach. After pressing
the gas pedal, the car accelerated forward. I rested against the seat. It's been a while since she had
given me a ride, but the leather seat looked to be well-maintained and was comfortable. The aluminum
cover that surrounded the gearshift shined with a polish, making it clear she was taking care of her car.
97
It made me think of her messy desk in the faculty's office. I was about to let out a sarcastic laugh
at the thought, but when I realized that I wouldn't see the mountain of things on there like documents,
figures, and cups of ramen anymore, I felt a little empty and looked out the window.
As we traveled from the school to my home, the orange hue of the street lights came and went.
Hiratsuka-sensei directed the car knowing where to go and hummed, which then suddenly stopped.
“First things first, good work with the prom.”
“Sure. I didn't really do much, though.”
“That's not true. You did well. I would love to celebrate over a drink, but I'm driving today.”
“I'm not old enough, though...”
She continued looking forward with a chuckle.
“Good point. Something to look forward to in three years, then.”
I choked on my voice. I could've just responded with a few words, but my mouth was left open in a
dumb way. The car stereo filled the silence with a mellow tune.
“What's wrong? Even I get hurt if you just ignore me.”
Her sulking voice snapped me out of it, and I looked over to see she was pouting.
“Oh, sorry, I was having trouble imagining it...” I tried to laugh it off.
She inclined her head and questioned me with a side glance. “You can't imagine what? Becoming
an adult? Or that we'll still be in touch after three years?”
I would become an adult eventually, even if nothing happened. But the idea of becoming an adult
was hard to swallow.
Working and having a family, to make a living was something that would work out as long you
worked hard and had some luck. It was easy to imagine. But was that grounds for being considered an
adult? I wasn't really sure. If we accounted the inhumane people out there who had nothing to show
except for their age and abused their own children, age and social positions didn't make for good
criteria for what constitutes an adult.
But well, you could live out your life without breaking laws or hurting others. Given a range of 10
to 20 years, there would be several occasions in your life where you would see a course correction. But
the mention of 3 years made it hard to picture for how realistic of a number it was.
“Well, both... If I had to pick one, then the latter.”
It's hard to imagine staying in touch with anyone considering my personality.. She sighed at my
honest response.
She decelerated the car to a stop upon hitting a red light. While stopped, she made a small
opening in the window with a power switch and used her free hand to place a cigarette in her mouth.
There was a brief sound of scraping flint, and a spark lit the interior of the car. The small flame
illuminated Hiratsuka-sensei's graceful profile for only a second.
The light eventually turned green, and the puffed smoke escaped through the opening of the
window, which in turn was replaced with the chilling night wind and her warm words.
“You don't get it, do you? People don't end their relationships that easily. Even if you don't get to
see each other every day, you'll see each other at least once every three months, like at someone's
birthday party, or when you go out for drinks.”
“Is that how it works?”
Still looking forward, she nodded and continued, “Eventually, you'll only meet once every 6 months
to once a year. You'll stop seeing other less and less, and then you'll only ever really meet during family
occasions or class reunions. And lastly, you'll stop remembering them ever again.”
“I see... Hm? Wait. Things ended pretty easily there, didn't they?”
Her slow and enunciating tone had me convinced, but no matter how I took her words, things
clearly ended a lot easier than expected. Based on what she told me, human relationships were quick to
end.
“It's only if you don't do anything.” She pushed her cigarette into the ash tray and laughed. “Do
you mind if we take a quick detour?”
“Whatever you'd like.”
I had no right to complain since I was being given a ride. She triggered her signal in response and
turned her steering wheel. I looked out the window to see where she was taking me, and we eventually
98
entered the national highway and headed directly opposite from my home.
Hiratsuka-sensei hummed along with the car stereo in high spirits and pressed on the gas pedal.
The engine roared, and all of the street lights, car lights, and tail lights of nearby cars flew behind us.
Large trucks and trailers became more frequent and factories in the distant became visible. She
then decelerated and turned on her signal while turning into a facility on the left. We slowly entered a
wide parking lot and stopped near something akin to an entrance. She shifted her gear to parking,
enabled her emergency brake, and turned off the engine. We arrived at our destination.
“We're here,” she said, and got off the car.
I examined the building, and it looked to be a large-scale game center. A large green net
surrounded a portion of the roof and occasional dull but pleasant cracking noises could be heard from
there, which made it evident there was a batting center facility here.
I stood there absentmindedly and Hiratsuka-sensei motioned me over. I followed after her, who
walked with a familiar gait. Upon entering the building, all kinds of noises that belonged to a typical
game center could be heard. There were arcade cabinets, darts, ping pong, free throw, simulation golf,
and all sorts of other games; there was plenty to do here.
However, Hiratsuka-sensei paid them no attention and headed directly for the center stairs,
hurrying to the batting center above.
“Oh, we made it just on time for the time slot for metal bats.”
I looked at the information bulletin to see that the metal bats were replaced nightly for noise
prevention.
Hiratsuka-sensei quickly purchased a stack of coins, removed her jacket, and tossed it to me.
“Hold it,” she said, and folded her cuffs. She slipped past the green net and into the batting box.
After inserting the coins, she positioned herself in the right batter box, gripped her bat, and
practiced swinging. She had a good and balanced form. She then pointed her bat to the front, pulled up
her sleeve, and was ready to bat. Ohh, she's really giving off the image...
99
100
The pitcher displayed on the LCD took the windup position... and there goes the first pitch!
“Hatsushiba!” Hiratsuka-sensei shouted as she swung, leading to the cracking sound of her bat.
The ball drew a large arc past the machine, and I clapped my hands with a cheering voice. She grinned
and assumed her batting stance again for her second pitch.
“Hori! Saburo! Satosaki! Fukuura!”
The pitches came one by one, and every time she made contact, she called out the names of past
famous players from the Chiba Marines. In addition, she yelled out Ootsuka, Kuroki, and Julio Franco.
The batting order she made was nonsensical, but the lineup was quite refined and was full of great
choices.
She was screaming with all her might for every name, but her batting form was the exact same for
each one, so it was hard to say if there was any meaning behind any of them. For one thing, Fukuura
was a left-handed batter, and Kuroki was a pitcher... More importantly, the people she mentioned all
retired from the team, so Hiratsuka-sensei's age was a real head-scratcher!
With how often she was making contact, it looked almost too easy, but the pitches were going at
130 km/h. This person's nuts, she should try going pro. Didn't the Lotte Marines let anyone in? After
working up a sweat from 20 hits, she made her way back through the net while flapping her shirt at her
bosom. It'd be nice if she could stop doing that because it made it hard to look...
“Why don't you give it a try, Hikigaya?”
“No, that's okay...”
I tried to refuse but was unable to when she flicked a coin over to me. Now, I had to get in
there... I had no experience batting, so hitting 130/km pitches was out of the question. Instead, I went
to the booth that pitched at 100 km/h. When I started doing practice swings similar to Hiratsuka-sensei,
I could see her watching me with crossed arms from behind me and mumbling like some kind of expert.
She's just making it more difficult to get into this...
I stood in the batter box, and the first pitch flew by; it was a lot faster than I thought, yeah. I
swung with all my strength and completely missed. I couldn't hit it... What was I supposed to do? I
thought, and I was given some encouragement from behind.
“Keep your eye on the ball. Choke up on your bat. Your arm's too far out. Don't aim for a large hit.
Take it slow as you get the timing down.”
She's so picky... I thought. I tapped the tip of my bat on the home base and assumed my stance. I
made adjustments according to Hiratsuka-sensei's advice and made a compact swing. This time, there
was a crack of the bat and the colliding metallic noise from the fences. Feeling the tingle in my hands
from the impact, I turned around to see her nodding back with a thumbs-up and a wink. Either from
glee or shyness, I let out a small laugh.
All right, I think I got the hang of this... I took my stance for the third pitch and got immersed in
the batting. After going through all of the pitches, sometimes missing, sometimes making poor contact,
and sometimes hearing the pleasant cracks of the bat, I let out a hearty breath. When I left the batter
box, I could see Hiratsuka-sensei on the bench beyond the net smoking. In her hands, she had drinks and
bakudan-yaki28 that she went to buy at some point.
“Mm.”
“Oh, thank you.” I accepted the MAX Coffee and sat beside her.
“Feeling better now?”
“If moving your body was enough to make you feel better, athletes wouldn't resort to drugs.”
With her gentle gaze on me, I couldn't help but give her a mean-spirited retort from
embarrassment. She took it in stride with a wry smile. “You really aren't cute, you know that?”
“Right... but I do appreciate that you're looking out for me. Sorry for being so much trouble at the
very end,” I said.
She stared at me and then sighed. She brushed her long hair aside and placed her hand on my
head. “The problem with you is that sometimes you show off that cute side of yours,” she said, and
roughly rubbed my head. It was both embarrassing and awkward when she did that, but it was mostly
painful. I took about a fist's worth of distance to escape her hand, and she eventually released her
hand.
The corner of her lips formed a smile, and she placed a cigarette in between. She snapped the
flint on her oil lighter, puffed out a thin layer of smoke, and whispered, “What were you doing back
28 Literally known as “bomb fry,” it's essentially a bigger version of takoyaki with more stuffing.
101
there?”
“Ah... nothing much.” I stumbled over my words from her sudden question, but she gave an allknowing
smile.
“Did Haruno say something to you?”
“Well, a bit.” I uttered in distress, but she continued to gaze at me, waiting for me to continue.
Knowing there wasn't any point in trying to dodge the issue anymore, I bared my unsorted thoughts into
the open. “She said I can't get drunk, just like her.”
“Well, that's true for Haruno... though it doesn't sound like you're talking about alcohol.”
To her slightly perplexed question, I nodded back. “I guess... she meant something along the lines
of the atmosphere or relationships. According to her, our relationship is just a form of codependency. I
didn't want to admit it, so I tried to fight back, but... it's hard, to say the least.”
Had she been any other person, I wouldn't have said any of this. I wouldn't have been able to. The
thought of my weakness being exposed to anyone was just something I couldn't handle, not because of
my cowardly self-esteem, but because of my arrogant sense of shame. It's why no matter how much
someone hounded me, I would find a way to play the fool, sidestep the issue, and throw a smoke
screen.
But Hiratsuka-sensei was the one person I didn't have to put up a front with, someone I didn't have
to step around. She was a far bigger adult than I could ever be, and she would always draw the line for
me.
She continued smoking, choosing not interject anything unnecessary, and gave some thought to my
words.
“Codependency, huh? It's just like Haruno to use a word like that, but she's using it like a figure of
speech. She understands, but she chooses to say it that way, anyway... It sounds like she's pretty fond of
you.”
“Haha... that doesn't make me happy at all...”
“I suppose you can interpret in the same way as Haruno if you look at it from a cynical
perspective... Oh, then again, the both of you are good at that.” She jested with her trailing remark,
and I let out an empty laugh. She smiled, stubbed her cigarette in the ashtray, and turned to me. “But
that's not how I see it. Yukinoshita, Yuigahama, and you don't have that kind of relationship.”
Th thin lingering white smoke vanished, leaving only the overwhelming odor of tar, something I
had gotten accustomed to. One day, this, too, would turn into something nostalgic, because no one
around me smoked.
“Don't get caught up on a simple word like codependency.”
She extended her fingertips, doused with a smell I wouldn't possibly forget, and held my shoulder.
“Maybe you've already convinced yourself that's how things are, but don't let those borrowed
words twist a person's feelings... Don't let those feelings be summed up with some simple notation.” She
gazed into my eyes and affectionately asked, “Is a single word enough to sum up your feelings?”
“No way... if it did, I wouldn't stand for it. I don't even think words can get them across right in
the first place.”
Even now, they couldn't even verbalize any of my thoughts, ideologies, and emotions in the least.
If they didn't mean anything, then they were no different from the cries of a beast. It would just be the
act of curling your tail saying it's fine that things didn't get across, even though you were howling to not
generalize everything into a single emotion and baring your fangs because there was no way things
could possibly get across.
I unknowingly squeezed my coffee in vexation. However, Hiratsuka-sensei released her hand from
my shoulder and nodded in satisfaction.
“You already have the answer, but you don't know how to express it, that's all. That's the reason
why you're trying to put it into simple words that make sense to you. You're trying to apply your answer
to those words and leave it at that.”
That may have been true. I clung on to the word of codependency that encompassed all of the
good, the bad, love, and hatred, because I felt it could express my emotions in the most straightforward
way. I didn't have to think about anything else just by touting the word. This was none other than
ceasing thought and running from reality.
“But you see, there isn't just one way to do it. A single word can be expressed in an endless
number of ways.” She retrieved a pen from her breast pocket and elatedly waved it like a magician's
102
wand. She then began writing on a paper napkin. “For example, there's a lot of things I can say about
you, like how I think you're a pain, a loser, too complicated, or how I'm worried about your future...”
She would scribe each one she stated onto the napkin.
“Ohh, that's a lot of mean stuff you're writing down...”
“These aren't all of them. I've got so much more it'd be too much of a hassle to say them all.”
Then, she stopped writing altogether and began to blot the words. She ran the pen across the
napkin to smear it in ink. It gradually became stained from one end to the other, leaving only the center
white. Before long, the center was also dabbed in the black and the remaining white space slowly took
the shape of a word.
“But if I were to lump them all together...” Before I could ascertain what the word would turn
into, Hiratsuka-sensei thrust the napkin toward me. “It means I like you.”
“Huh? Ah, r-right...?”
I looked at the napkin and in the black canvas was the word “Iike” written in white. All sorts of
emotions welled up me like surprise, bewilderment, happiness, embarrassment, shyness, and many
others, but I still couldn't react properly.
“Don't be shy. As far as I'm concerned, you're my best student. In that sense, I really am quite fond
of you.”
She smiled like a brat who successfully pulled off a prank and roughly rubbed my head again.
Phew, close call. Seriously, that's what you meant? Like, really close call. I thought she was being
serious, and I was this close to saying I liked her back, too. My scalp was totally sweating.
I twisted my body away to free my head from her hand and felt relieved. She gave me a pleasing
look and lit another cigarette.
“If a single word isn't enough, keep looking. If you can't trust words, then let your actions speak
for themselves.” She exhaled smoke and followed it with her eyes, and past her profile, I did the same.
“It doesn't matter what words you find or what actions you take. Just keep at it like you're gathering
dots until you're finally able to connect them all to the answer that suits you best. The words etched in
white on your black canvas may very well be what you're searching for.”
The floating smoke soon disappeared, and beyond it was Hiratsuka-sensei setting her gaze closely
on me. “That's why, show me. While I'm still your teacher, show me your answer after baring all of your
thoughts and feelings. Show it off to me in a way that'll make me speechless.”
“Everything, huh?” I asked.
Hiratsuka-sensei made a fist in front of her chest and pumped her head. “That's right. Show me all
the extra-extra toppings.”
“What is this, ramen?” I let out a listless sigh, and she smiled, which relieved my body of its
stiffness. In turn, I was able to make a lax smile. “Well, I'll give it a try. I'm not too confident it'll make
me easier to understand, though.”
“No one would have it hard if it was that simple, but if it's you, I'm sure you'll be fine.”
Marking the end of the conversation, she patted my shoulder and stretched. “Anyway, let's grab
some ramen on the way back. How about Naritake?”
“Oh, that sounds nice.”
“Right?”
She made a nihilistic smile, smothered her cigarette, and stood up. I rose from my seat right after.
While we were walking back and chatting, Hiratsuka-sensei was always a few steps ahead of me. In
seeing her stature from behind, I stopped.
Her dignified upright posture exuded an elegance that I could never hope to reach. But as the one
individual whom I respected and could truly call my mentor, I wanted her to watch me and to ascertain
with her own eyes the answer I would arrive at.
No matter how unsightly, disgusting, and wretched it was, no matter how despicable and
hopelessly pathetic it was, I had to show her the answer of Hikigaya Hachiman.
Indeed, there was nothing wrong with things ending. However, what was wrong was how they
ended.
Our relationship that became dependent on borrowed words, accommodated a sham of a
compromise, and was twisted beyond repair was something we had truly never wished for, a hopeless
imitation.
103
That's why, the least I could do was inflict enough damage to destroy this imitation, so it could
transform into the one and only thing that could truly be called genuine.
I will put an end to my youth—that I made wrong of my own accord.
104
Chapter 6: Just like a day in the past, Yuigahama Yui makes a wish.
My second year of high school was coming to a close. With the passing of the graduation ceremony
and the prom, the remaining days for students to attend school were numbered. A majority of the days
were set aside for final exams while the rest were set aside for the results of the exam and a ceremony
to end the school year.
Once the exams were over, a spring-break mood immediately permeated the entire school. The
restriction of club activities during the test period was no longer in effect as of today. The campus
outside was filled with vigorous yells and metallic batting noises.
Clubs that utilized the school gymnasium were an exception to the rule. Normally, the volleyball
club and the badminton club would have poles and nets set up in the gym, but it was now set up with
provisional dressing booths and folding chairs. Groups of people consisting of the upcoming freshmen in
spring and their guardians were here in place of the club members.
My little sister Komachi and I were one group of the many. An orientation for new students was
held today at Sobu High School, which also consisted of taking measurements for the school's uniform. In
other words, Komachi was making her debut and wearing our school's uniform for the first time. I
voluntarily took the place of my parents and hurried over to the gym to be witness to the moment.
A partition was made for the provisional dressing both and was covered with a curtain. I sat in a
folding chair while Komachi entered the booth. While waiting for her to get measured, the scenery in
class flashed through my mind.
The classroom entered a festive mood after being liberated from the testing period. Noisy
conversations bounced back and forth as people hurried their preparations to head home. There were
people who headed straight home, or people who stayed behind in class and talked about things like the
tests such as, “Oh my god, I did sooo bad on the tests, I'm totally gonna have to do make-ups!” This was
clearly Sagami, though... As usual, only vapid things came out of her mouth.
On the other hand, Totsuka and and the Hayama clique went to their respective clubs that they
had been on break from. The remaining three, Miura, Yuigahama, and Ebina-san, gathered at the usual
window seats at the back of the class and were discussing places to go later in the day. I made similar
plans with Yuigahama for after the tests, but that was likely a discussion for tomorrow. I pondered over
the things we could potentially talk about and alternated my crossed legs.
Beyond the curtains of the dressing booth ahead, Komachi was in a discussion with the attendant.
“What do you think of this size?”
“Hmm, it feels okay... Oh, is this the skirt length...?”
“The skirt length is...”
My train of thought was interrupted by their hushed voices and I was brought back into reality.
Hearing the words “skirt length” left me feeling queasy... I strained my ears to listen to Komachi's
voice, glared at the curtain, and rocked my legs wondering when she would pop out. Soon enough, the
curtain was pulled open.
“Ta-da!”
With a leading statement, Komachi made her appearance from the booth in Sobu's uniform.
“Oooh...” I unfolded my arms and clapped.
Komachi stuck out her chest with elation, making a pose with her hands on her hips. “So? How do I
look? Am I cute? I'm cute, right?”
“Yeah, yeah, the cutest in the world.”
“Wow, there he goes again with his iffy comments.”
Her cuteness wasn't limited to just the world, but also in the other world and in the history of
mankind. However, and more importantly, there was one too many concerning points that made my
compliments rudimentary. Unable to turn a blind eye to them, I frowned and tilted my head.
“Um, isn't your skirt too short? Is that okay? Your brother's very worried.”
“Ugh, annoying much?”
Her gleeful expression instantly transformed into disgust, but that didn't discourage me from my
fashion check.
105
“Well, you can adjust your skirt later, but the blazer...”
She moved her hand forward with the same concern as mine and looked over the cuffs of the
blazer. The sleeves of the sample blazer were extra long and covered half of her palms. She shook the
sleeves and moved her wrists like a beckoning cat. “Oh, you mean this?”
“Yeah, that. It's cute.” I made a pleasant groan in light of her excellent display.
Komachi returned an incredibly unpleasant expression. “Wow, you're gross... but if it's cute, that
works for me.”
She made a content shake of the cuffs, but the attendant seemed apprehensive.
“It does appear a little too big for her, but everyone usually orders a size with some leeway.”
“Oh, this is perfect! I'll go with this,” Komachi said in a fluster.
The attendance happily nodded. “Okay, I'll put this in for your order...”
The testing period for trying on the uniform was just about to end, but I still had something left to
do.
“Oh, excuse me, would it be okay if I took some pictures?” I asked. “I'd like to show our parents
know how she looks.”
The attendant examined our surroundings. “There's no one waiting, so by all means. Please let me
know when you're done.”
She smiled back, looking accustomed to the number of people who made a similar request, and
went back into the dressing booth. I took out my smartphone and aimed the camera lens at Komachi.
“Okay, time for pictures.”
I switched my phone into camera mode and began the photo shoot. Good, good! Let's be bolder,
shall we?
“Okay, change your pose. Now, spin. Now, pose again.”
She followed my instructions and assumed an aloof attitude, changed her standing position, and
finally, did a spin in conjunction with a side peace sign and a smile.
“Hm, this should do it. Okay, we're good.”
I took a seat after taking her photos and looked over the images. Hmm, quite usable. I picked out
the best looking ones and attached them in a mail to my parents.
Meanwhile, Komachi breathed out in exhaustion. She walked over and sat on a chair next to mine.
A satisfied smile floated on her face, and she gently rubbed her uniform and looked around the gym. “I
guess I'll be attending this school soon, huh?”
“Finally sinking in?”
“Yep, I can't wait!” Her eyes glittered with unending excitement, and after falling into a dreamy
cute state, she went on a tangent. “There's so many things I want to do once I start high school! Like
studying... well, I'll just figure that out as I go, but I want to get a part-time job, hang out with friends
after school, and participate in all kinds of events like the prom!” I nodded, thinking she should put the
same amount of effort in her studies, but her eyes suddenly dropped to the floor. “And also... join a
club.”
She gave me an examining look afterwards, and I could tell what she was implying. I choked on my
words for an instant, but I had to tell her no matter what.
The day of the graduation ceremony and the prom was the longest day of Hikigaya Hachiman's life.
Upon receiving a lesson from my mentor, I had already found my answer. I didn't have the process that
led to it, the components that made it, nor anything that could prove it as of now, but the answer was
already within my grasp.
“The club—the Service Club is going to disappear.”
Komachi nodded back with a lonely smile. She slowly moved from her forward-leaning position and
rested against the chair. Her shoulders slightly sank, and she gazed at her new skirt.
“It'll be gone, huh...?” she whispered to herself and hung her head.
“Yeah... because I'm going to make it disappear.” I patted her rounded back. Then, I pointed my
index finger at my face and formed a nihilistic smile.
This was the conclusion I arrived at, for the answer I couldn't give back then. I would make the
choice myself, and not leave it to discretion of others.
106
Komachi had a puzzled look in response to my bluffing declaration, but eventually burst into
laughter. “Uh, why are you even trying to show off...?”
When she gave me a hopeless sigh, I said in jest, “If things get awkward, sorry, okay?”
“Oh, don't worry about it. I'll find a way to enjoy myself. It doesn't matter if you or the Service
Club are there or not, since I'm Yukino-san and Yui-san's friend, too!” She patted her chest and made a
cheerful smile. Then, she rested her head on my shoulder and whispered in a quiet voice. “So, oniichan,
do whatever you need to.”
“Thanks,” I answered.
Komachi grinned and hopped to her feet. “Okay then, time to get changed.”
“Yeah... let's head home.”
I got up, only for her to refuse my suggestion.
“About that, I'm actually going to eat with some of the other freshmen.”
“Huh, come again?”
“Didn't I tell you? High school students nowadays make friends over SNS sites before school starts.
So, it's a small social gathering to get to know each other more.”
She made a delightful laugh and headed for the dressing booth. I fell back into my seat as I
watched her and thought about the unknown freshmen.
A social gathering before the start of the school year... Wasn't that basically a loner sentence for
everyone couldn't attend? In this age of developing SNS platforms, being a modern high school student
was what I'd call “hard mode...”
X X X
Komachi made for the social gathering from the gym, and I returned to the main building. Komachi
getting her measurements, trying on the uniform, and getting her pictures taken took a surprisingly long
amount of time. The angles of the sunlight pouring through the windows steepened, and the hallway
began to wear a coat of pale red.
Cheering voices of the various sports clubs from the school grounds and the timbre of band
instruments reverberated, but the hallway was etched with only the sound of my footsteps, the long
shadows creeping along the way.
It was a mundane and hollow scenery after school. A year earlier, and I wouldn't have thought
much of it. But now, I could make out a lonely feeling of nostalgia from it. As I immersed myself in the
piercing cold and the vague sentiments, I headed for the entrance. And there, I could see the figure of a
person.
The girl was sitting on the umbrella stands, holding a large bag in front of her chest, and was
absentmindedly looking outside. The door was left open, inviting the wind inside, and occasionally, her
peach hair bundled in a bun would sway with the sunset glow. I couldn't have mistaken her for anyone
else other than Yuigahama Yui.
Dust particles sparkled from the light of the sun, and her profile within that sight was filled with
an emotion resembling sorrow and solitude. Her expression looked far more mature than it had ever
looked before, and was extremely beautiful.
Reluctant in calling her, I swallowed my words. Instead, I went to put my indoor slippers in the
shoe box and subsequently dropped my loafers onto the floor. In hearing the plop, Yuigahama glanced at
me.
“Oh, Hikki.”
When she called my name, she was wearing her usual smile. Relieved, I put on my shoes and
walked over to her. “Oh, what are you doing?”
“Waiting.”
“Huh? Why...? Wait, is something happening?” I panicked at the thought of forgetting something,
but she shook her hand.
“Oh, that's not it. Nothing's happening. I saw your shoe box and figured you hadn't gone home yet,
so I was just...” Her waving hand gradually slowed to a stop. She moved her idle hand to her eyes,
moved her hair over her ear, and looked away in embarrassment. “Waiting...”
107
“R-Right, I see now...”
The tip of her ears peeking from under her hair and her soft cheeks were streaked with red from
the setting sun. Flustered from the sight, I chewed my words. She giggled when she saw my
bewilderment and fiddled with the bun on her head.
“We didn't get to talk much during exams, but we did talk about going somewhere afterwards. So,
I figured I'd wait for you.”
“My bad, I should've contacted you.”
“No, it's okay!” She shook her head, unconcerned. Though she seemed energetic, her smile looked
fragile. “I... just wanted to try waiting for you.”
In seeing her profile as she gazed at the distant sun outside of the window, my voice became
lodged in my throat. It's possible she didn't have that much of a reason as she said. Or maybe she just
didn't want to put it into words. I really didn't know. But in thinking about it, she was always waiting for
me, if not, for us. Having only realized that now, I extended her a short word of appreciation.
“I see... thanks.”
She nodded and hopped to her feet. Following the momentum, she pushed her large bag onto me.
“Help me carry this home.”
She used her free hand to pat her skirt to put and put on her heavy backpack that she always had
when commuting to school. It looked jammed pack with all of the things she was taking home after the
end of the school year. Since I was going to be carrying her bag, I might as well take that, too. I offered
my hand.
“Mm.”
“Hm?” Yuigahama looked at my hand in confusion. She tilted her head and then placed her hand
on top of mine.
This time, I tilted my head. Why did she have to do cute stuff like this?
“I don't mean your hand, but your backpack. I'm saying I'll carry it for you.”
“Oh... S-Say that first, then!”
Yuigahama turned red and slapped my hand away. She then shoved her backpack onto me. She
whispered a “thanks” and hurried on ahead.
I shook my hand from the impact, and though it didn't hurt, I whispered an “ouch,” anyway. If I
didn't say something that pointless, I would've slipped something else instead...
X X X
The sunset afterglow permeated the sky in the west. The evening sun poured on the trees erected
along the lane leading to the station. I pushed my bike through the fuzzy light that dripped from the
branches and leaves.
Yuigahama walked alongside me while engaging me in various things. Then, she said, “Oh yeah,
did you go somewhere earlier?”
“Komachi's orientation. I was with her when she got measured for the uniform, too.”
“Aww, I wish I was there so I could see her, too.”
“You'll get to see her as much as you want in April,” I said, but my voice became slightly restless.
April was right around the corner, yet I couldn't quite imagine what it'd be like. When Yuigahama
saw the doubt on my face, her expression turned dark for a moment.
“That's true... Oh, maybe I'll get her a present—like something useful—that'll go with her
uniform.” She clapped her hands, perhaps aware of her gloomy tone, and added cheerfully.
I answered, trying to sound as casual as possible. “Yeah, that sounds good. That'll definitely make
her happy,” I said.
Yuigahama trotted a few steps ahead of me and put her hand in my bike's basket, containing her
large bag and backpack. She rummaged through the latter for her smartphone and began writing a
memo.
Kids, using your cellphone while walking is dangerous! Don't do this at home! Rather than give her
a verbal warning, I stopped. Understanding my intentions, she halted in place to operate her phone.
108
After fnishing, she put her phone back in the backpack and nodded. I returned her nod and began
pushing my bike again, while focusing on the large bag in the basket.
“So, what's the deal with this bag?”
“Oh, that? School's almost over, so I'm just taking all my stuff home. Turns out I I had a crazy
amount of stuff, though.”
“Uh-huh... Well, that happens pretty often at the end of the school year.”
There's a common sight you'd see right before summer vacation, spring break, or just a regular
long vacation, especially with elementary kids. They'd carry so much luggage in their hands and on their
back packed with painting tools, drawing boards, and calligraphy supplies on their way home. It's like
they were Freedom suits equipped with METEOR units29 or something. And they'd activate their Full
Burst on their bags when they tripped. Back then, I used to have things spill out of my bag all the
time...
I indulged in my memories, and Yuigahama glanced at the basket. “You don't seem to have that
much stuff, Hikki.”
“I don't really bring anything to school, that's why.”
We eventually approached Yuigahama's home as we talked and stopped in front of the convenience
store near the front garden of her condominium. She looked up at it before turning to me and asked
shyly, “Um... do you wanna come over?”
A wry smile formed on my face. “No, I'll pass. I might end up staying for dinner again.”
“Right, got it, ahaha... Oh, I know. Give me a second.” Yuigahama made a bashful laugh. Then,
after remembering something, she entered the store.
I considered going in with her, but since she told me to wait, I had to obey. In case you hadn't
noticed, I was friendlier and more clever than the Gahama household's pet dog.
I stopped pushing my bike and sat on a parking bumper. I turned around to see Yuigahama in the
store purchasing cups of coffee at the register and waiting for them to be filled by the dispenser. A few
moments later, she returned with the coffee in both hands.
“Here you go, thanks for helping.”
“Oh, really? Thanks.”
A reward for carrying her luggage, I suppose? In that case, I gladly accept.
That being said, I had my bike today, so it'd be too awkward trying to drink the coffee while
pedaling. As I wondered what to do, Yuigahama headed straight for the nearby park, which had gazebos
and benches. Given the time, the warm weather from the afternoon would begin to cool, making the
park a nice place to spend the time, perfect for a coffee break.
Children from the neighborhood were playing tag with rules I wasn't sure of. They ran around in
large groups, tripped and cried, and got right back up. Yuigahama and I sat on the nearest bench as we
watched them from afar. The wind was pleasant, and it was a peaceful evening.
I sipped my sweet coffee through a straw, and Yuigahama let out a satisfied breath. She then
made a distant look beyond the expansive park.
“It's kinda relaxing...”
“Yeah, things have been pretty hectic lately,” I answered while drinking.
Yuigahama turned her body to me. “Right, right. It's a lot of fun hanging out with Yumiko and the
others, but we kinda just go to all sorts of places. Like, karaoke, for example, you kinda worry too much
about the time, so you end up feeling pretty occupied. It's a lot of fun though, so I don't mind it too
much.”
“Ahh, well, that's just how it is when you do things that force you to keep track of time. It's like
when you're enjoying yourself or you're in a sauna for 2 hours. By the time you notice, it's been way
longer, and you start freaking out,” I said.
“Oh, I totally get that!” Yuigahama patted my shoulder, but then immediately stopped. “Well,
maybe not the sauna part.”
“Really? You don't get why for saunas? What country are you from?”
“How should I know...? What country are saunas from, anyway?”
“Saunas originated in Finland... There are various theories on the matter.”
29 Gundam SEED mobile suit and optional equipment module.
109
“Why'd you whisper at the end!?”
“Well, it's hard to explain... The culture of steam rooms is a phenomenon present throughout the
world including Japan. If we're talking strictly Finnish saunas, then saunas can indeed be said to have
originated in Finland. But if we're tackling the subject through the ambiguous linguistic view that
Japanese people have, it's possible to see saunas as an equivalent to steam rooms. With that broad
definition in mind, when you're asked about the origin of something like a sauna, the only thing you can
really say is there are various theories.”
I made a rapid rant with a mumbling voice while Yuigahama casually acknowledged my words.
Then, with a blank look, she slightly retreated away.
“You sure are cr—you sure know a lot. It's kinda creepy...”
“Was there even a point in rephrasing yourself?” I said in dejection.
It would've been better if you had just said it from the start. Being considerate could hurt people
at times, you know!
Yuigahama made an amusing laugh and put her straw back in her mouth. Afterwards, she let out a
satisfied breath and stretched. “It's kinda nice spending our time like this...” She lowered her arms and
looked at me for confirmation.
I slowly nodded. “Only if it's every now and then... if we did this all the time, that means we have
literally nothing to do.”
“Oh, nothing to do, huh? I guess we have a lot of time if we don't have club... It's weird since I
never really thought about it before.”
“Yeah. We pretty much went to club almost every day right after our second year started. I can't
even remember what I did in our first year.”
“So true... I wonder how we should kill time in our third year?” Yuigahama rested her hands on her
sides and kicked her legs while looking at the distant sky ahead. On the other hand, I rolled a pebble on
the ground with the tip of my shoes.
I stated unpleasantly. “We won't have that luxury since college entrance exams will be right
around the corner.”
“I guess.”
She made a bitter smile, and I made one as well. Eventually, one of us retracted it. We were
talking about what would happen in the future, yet we couldn't truly see what was important in it.
Perhaps, that was because we could only see the pragmatic parts.
No, that's not right. It's because we omitted everything about the present before we started
talking about the future. I had no idea if Yuigahama was aware of it, but I, at the very least, realized I
was deliberately avoiding talking about it.
Something cold began to mingle with the evening wind, and a children's song30 played over the
speakers in the park. Upon hearing it, the playing kids went home one after the other.
The west sky was scorched by the evening afterglow, and an indigo blue began to dilute the sky in
the east. The space in between was dyed with a deep red. In time, the sky would transition to the blue
hour.
I looked up without saying anything more, and Yuigahama quietly opened her mouth. “Hey,
Hikki...”
“Hm?”
I looked at my neighbor, only to see she was looking down with her lips tightly sucked in. She kept
taking breaths, troubled over whether to speak up. But moments later, she lifted her face with
determination and looked straight into my eyes.
“Are you really okay with this?”
I wanted to believe I understood the implication of her question.
“Whether I'm okay with it or not—”
—I don't have the right to decide that.
Before I could finish, Yuigahama interrupted with the shake of her head. “Think before you answer
me. If you're really okay with this, if things are really over, I'll tell you my wish... it's a very, very
important wish.”
30 A melody played to indicate the change in time to evening. The name of the song is called “yuuyake koyake”.
110
The moment she focused her eyes on me, the thoughtless words I was about to say disappeared.
Before I knew it, I was biting my lips with my eyes feebly lowered to the ground. When I saw her
tormented gaze, it was telling me that she wouldn't forgive a halfhearted answer.
I couldn't irresponsibly dodge the question, nor could I hide behind a veil of lies. There's no doubt
she'd smile and forgive me if I chose to run away, poke fun at the situation, and confuse her, but I
couldn't possibly take advantage of that. I couldn't betray her like that. It's because she's the one person
in the world I didn't want to hate me.
“I'm not okay with it at all...” I squeezed out the words, and she made a faint smile and urged me
to go on with a nod. I continued, “There's nothing we can do about the club ending. Generally speaking,
we'll be retiring at some point next year just like the other clubs. Hiratsuka-sensei won't be here
anymore, either. So, there's nothing wrong with the club ending, because it'll have to end eventually.”
Yuigahama nodded.
“We can't avoid losing the club. I know Yukinoshita doesn't want to continue it, either. We're
completely convinced with the reasons for the the club ending... I think it's fine to end the club.”
I was finally able to say the words that I couldn't to the two of them back then. Although I was
completely aware that the end was nearing, my immaturity kept me from accepting it. But now, I could
finally say my goodbye. Being able to voice those words filled me with relief and I let out a loud sigh.
111
112
Yuigahama set aside her cup, straightened her back, and clasped her knees together. Then, she
turned to me.
“I see... then...” Yuigahama's mouth opened in hesitation, slowly but carefully choosing her
words. Her hands that were resting on her thighs fidgeted but in time, they gripped her pleated skirt as
if she had made her decision.
“Then...”
I wasn't qualified to hear what she had to say beyond that. Because there were still things I
needed to say.
“But... there's one thing I just can't accept.”
I interrupted, and Yuigahama's voice trailed off. Surprise and confusion filled her eyes, but she
didn't say anything more and quietly acknowledged my words, urging me to go on.
“If she made her decision to compensate for something she gave up on, pretending as if it's some
kind of compromise, then I can't accept that. If I was the reason for twisting her into that decision, then
the responsibility should—“
I stopped. Despite what I was saying, I knew that wasn't it. I was just about to fall into the same
worthless trap with my words again. Just what was I trying to deflect with this circular reasoning?
There was something more than that—something else that I needed to say.
I suddenly went quiet and she looked at me anxiously, her gaze both suspicious and insecure. I
took one large breath and slapped both of my cheeks. Startled, she moved her hand to her chest as if
pressing down her heart. Then, she cautiously asked. “Th-That came out of nowhere... What was that
for?”
“Sorry, forget what I said. I was just trying to dress up my words.” I said, turning to her.
Her eyes widened and blinked several times. Then, she burst into laughter. “What the heck?”
Yuigahama giggled in amusement from my unexpected reaction. Even I had to smile at how lame I was
being.
It really was a bad habit of mine. No matter when and where, I was always so excessively selfconscious
that it made me end up trying to show off my good side to her.
I carried the bitter coffee to my mouth to dissolve my flowery words, but this time, I decided to
blurt out my words without any thought.
“I'm going to say something really gross, but I'll keep it simple. I don't want to lose my connection
with her, and that's why, I can't accept it.”
As soon as the words came out, I just realized how hopelessly foolish they were. They were the
height of idiocy, a stupidity that left me with a self-deprecating laugh escaping from the corners of my
lips.
Yuigahama was taken aback, but she didn't laugh in the least. She affectionately narrowed her
eyes and dropped her gaze.
“I don't think you'll lose that...”
“In normal situations, yeah. We can still get along to a certain extent by seeing other, having some
small talk, and getting in touch to meet every now and then.” I stated a generalization while recalling
the important parts of socialization that Hiratsuka-sensei taught me in her car. But it was exactly that, a
generalization. “But I can't do that. I can't stand the thought of having a superficial relationship like
that.”
In spitting out the words, I finally understood. By taking the shape of words, for the first time, I
could accept it. It was nothing at all. It was nothing more than me not liking the idea of us growing
apart like that. After making an insane amount of inane arguments and putting all of my reasons,
excuses, environments, and situations together, the words I could finally say were unbelievably
hopeless. Even I could see how childish and pathetic I was being. I could only laugh at myself again.
“I can try to keep at it for a while, but I'm absolutely confident we'll grow apart eventually. I'm a
professional at cutting off relationships, after all.”
“That's nothing to be proud about...”
Yuigahama made a troubled smile, but didn't deny it. That's expected. We had known each other
for close to a year now, so we both understood that. However, there was another person that we knew
for just as long.
“While we're at it, Yukinoshita's probably the same.”
113
“That's... yep.”
“Right? So, if I give up on my connection with her now, that'll probably be the end of it... it's a bit
hard for me to accept that.”
I could only make a bitter laugh at my bothersome reasoning, my simple words, and my cowardly
inability to think. Yuigahama silently looked at the pathetic look on my face. Eventually, she sighed in
exasperation.
“If you don't tell her that, she's definitely not going to understand.”
“She wouldn't understand even if I told her something like that... It makes no sense, and it isn't a
good reason, either. It's just nonsense.”
For someone as self-centered as me, even I couldn't wrap my head around my fallacious logic. I
had already given up on trying to understand it with any existing words. That abject feeling came out of
my lopsided mouth.
“Yep. Honestly, I really don't get it. It makes no sense. It's just gross.”
“Exactly. I feel the same way... but did you have to add that last part?”
Even I got a little depressed when she stated in successive fashion like that. Still, her eyes were
smiling.
“But... I think I kinda get it somehow. It sounds like something you'd totally say, Hikki.”
“Really?” I said.
Yuigahama moved about a fist's worth of distance away and readjusted her sitting. She turned her
knees to me and looked directly at me. “Yep... That's why, you definitely need to tell her that.”
“Even if she doesn't get what I mean?”
In that instant, she punched my shoulder and glared.
“It's fine even if she doesn't! If anything, Hikki, you're the one who's not putting in the effort to
tell her.”
“You hit where it hurts most.”
That really was true. I always gave up on thinking I could ever get things across. It's why I could
never say what was truly important. But she had put it into words for me.
“Some things just won't get across even if we talk to each other... but that's fine, because I'll do
my best to understand. I think Yukinon's the same way.”
Her words passionately came together, her tone was tinged with admonishment, and her eyes
were moist and reflected the bright glow of the setting sun.
I see, that's it. Now, I could understand everything about Yuigahama's way of doing things. Because
right now, I was trying to understand what she was telling me. It may not be logical, it may not be
something that could be explained, and it may be just a mix of our subjectivity and intuition, but in
trying to understand in that way, we would fill in the differences between us.
“I've had my wish for a long time now.”
Yuigahama stood up, turned her back to me, and looked up at the darkening sky. The setting sun
beyond her had a color that resembled the very same color back then, the same color of the setting sun
beyond the quietly waving sea as it snowed on that day.
“I want everything...”
They were the same words as that day, but without the smell of the sea water and the glittering
snow. Yuigahama then took a quiet but large breath and eventually turned back to me.
“That's why, I want Yukinon to be there on a day like this where there's nothing after school. I
want to be at the place where Yukinon and you are together.”
She faced her back to the sun and under the warm light and in the freezing wind, she whispered as
if to make her wish.
“So you need to tell her.”
I burned her beautiful and ephemeral smile and her moist, yet resolute gaze into my eyes in spite
of the blinding sunlight.
“Don't worry, I'll make sure I do.” I declared clearly, telling myself to be as sincere as possible.
Yuigahama smiled and sat back on the bench. She then looked and asked with a teasing tone.
“Really?”
114
“Yeah. Well, first, I need to make the preparations. It'll be hard, but I'll try.”
My vague answer caused her to make a dubious look. “Preparations?”
“There's a lot I have to do... The both of us tend to prepare all kinds of escape routes like taking
precautions, or making excuses, or hiding behind a facade, or trying to make things simple by keeping
things business-related... First, I need to block every single one of those.”
Yuigahama made an intricate expression encompassing various emotions such as anxiety, anger,
and many others. She sealed her lips in dissatisfaction, and when she opened them again, her voice
came out cold.
“I don't think that's what you should be doing.”
“I know... but I don't think I'll have it in me to tell her if I don't go that far. I need to drag her into
a place that'll keep us from running.”
Subject to her quiet indignation, I let out a pathetic voice. I really was utterly disgusted at my
cowardice. But when you're Hikigaya Hachiman for 17 years, you needed to corner yourself by
eliminating all of the factors that could force you into circular logic, or nothing would happen.
I spat out a heavy breath, and Yuigahama made a gentle smile. “You really only need to say one
thing, you know.”
“Saying just one thing isn't going to get anything across.”
In any normal situation, that might be enough. But I simply couldn't be convinced with a set of
words that fit the mold. I felt it wouldn't be enough, but at the same time, I felt it would've been too
much. I just didn't think I'd be able to express it in a way that could ever strike that balance. Above
anything else, there's no way I could stand for being satisfied with words of that degree.
My straightforward words didn't seem to get across to Yuigahama based on her absentminded look.
Realizing I didn't say enough, I added to my statement.
“Basically, there's someone that looks smart but is actually pretty dumb. He's insanely annoying to
deal with, incredibly stubborn, and is way too complicated. Even if you talk to him, he just finds a way
to misunderstand and run away, so he just gets you upset and irritated. On top of that, you can't trust
anything he says...”
Complaints spilled out of my mouth. Yuigahama had a blank look for a moment but then sighed
with a tilt of her head.
“Who are you talking about?”
“Me.”
She then made a hopeless smile.
I really was a hopeless person. I'd always force the troublesome things on her like I was now, and
she'd always forgive me every time. I had been taking advantage of her kindness for the longest time.
The comfort would cause me to doze off, and I could pretend to not see anything by closing the lid, but
she would always help me all the same. Those days were precious, irreplaceable, honestly enjoyable,
and were so blissful that made me think of only the convenient things.
“Sorry for putting you through so much.”
“Huh?”
She inclined her head in puzzlement from my abrupt apology.
“One day, I'll get better at this. Eventually, I think I'll be able to say things properly, be able to
accept things properly without having to fuss over my words and reasons—”
I slowly voiced my incoherent words. Perhaps, whenever I was able to become a decent adult, a
proper man, I might be able to say these words without hesitation. I might be able to properly get
things across with words and feelings that were much different than now.
“—But you don't need to wait for that.”
I managed to finish, and Yuigahama gripped her cup while listening. Then, she made a troubled
look from my nonsensical rambling.
“What's that about? Of course I won't wait.”
“Right. That was a pretty gross thing to say.”
“Seriously.”
I felt ashamed at my foolishness and tried to play it off with a smile. Yuigahama laughed and then
stood up from the bench.
115
“Okay... we should get going.”
I got up from the bench and pushed my nearby bike after Yuigahama. We left the park and within
a meter or so, we arrived at her condominium.
“Thanks for carrying my stuff,” she said at the entrance, and retrieved the large bag from the
basket of my bike. “See you again at school.”
“Yeah, see you.”
After seeing her wave, I pushed my bike. For some time, I could only hear the rolling sounds of my
bike's tires and the scraping of dirt beneath my loafers. Then, they suddenly stopped. In the crowd on
this evening night, people went back and forth, yet only my legs were stuck in place.
But even so, I made the decision to run. I strongly kicked the floor and jumped onto the saddle of
my bike. In that moment, I made one glance behind me. I could still see her waving, but when she
noticed me looking in that moment, she made a bigger motion with her hand.
I lifted up one hand, and with ragged breathing, I frantically stepped on my pedals without looking
back.
116
Int erlude
I didn't shed any tears, because I already cried a lot.
That's why, during the entire time I was watching him leave, during the entire time I was waving
my hand, I closely watched his back and burned the sight into my eyes.
When he finally disappeared, my hand flopped down.
The bulky plastic bag wasn't heavy in the least, but it started to feel that way all of a sudden.
I got onto the elevator. While I was walking back to my place, his words kept echoing in my ears
over and over again, as if to mix with the annoying rustling of my plastic bag.
I acted as if I wasn't listening to it and opened the door to my home. Sablé barked and came
running at me.
“I'm home.”
I crouched at the entrance and patted him. I laughed at the ticklish feeling when he licked my
hand. On that hand, there was a drop of water. Even though I was laughing, the tears continued to fall
and fall. Sablé looked up at me with curiosity.
It's nothing. Don't worry. I'm fine.
I hugged him tightly while reciting those words. But then I realized that none of them were
actually coming out, only my constant hot breaths that welled up in my tight chest from my throat.
When I tried to wipe my eyes to clear my blurry sight, my hand was stopped. I looked up to see
mom there.
“Your eyes will get swollen... okay?”
She had a good smell, and when she held me in her warm arms, I was finally able to let out my
voice. I didn't need to hold the tears in anymore. But, still, the words didn't come out. The words just
didn't.
I couldn't say the simple words, “I like you.” It was like that before, but it was also a problem
bigger than that. It just wasn't that kind of emotion.
For the first time, I—we had truly fallen in love.
117
Int erlude...
Prom was over, finals were over, and in the next two days, today and tomorrow, we would get our
exam results. Then, we'd get a holiday followed by the year-end ceremony. After that, a super, long
vacation awaited.
With Meguri-senpai's graduation, the student council room was now my my castle in name and in
reality. I played with my smartphone wondering what to do over spring break and helped the vice
president and secretary-chan with wrapping up our work.
What's left was to gather all the documents for Yukino-senpai to process, work the vice president
to death, and have secretary-chan revive him. There's a lot more to do, but it was fulfilling to say the
least. That's how my first year should've ended.
“I'm coming in.”
Until Hiratsuka-sensei decided to enter the student council room... She really never knocks, does
she? Well, that's just how she is, so whatever.
“Is there something wrong?”
I could only hope she wasn't bringing in anything annoying. I stood up to meet her. She then
pushed her smartphone in my face.
“Do you know about this?”
Let's see... I took a good look at her phone. The screen was displaying something about a prom. I
read through the page, casually making impressed remarks, and I encountered some incredibly,
ridiculous, and nonsensical information. In particular, there was something I just couldn't avoid focusing
on which was, “Sobu High School & Kahin-Sogo High School Joint Prefectural Prom, Open in Spring!”
“Huh...?”
My mouth was agape. What is this?
I pointed at Hiratsuka-sensei's phone with my shaking fingers. By the way, my voice was also
shaking, and so were my glossy lips.
“U-Um, what is this? I didn't hear anything about this...”
“I see, you don't know anything, huh? This must be Hikigaya's work, then.”
Hiratsuka-sensei undid her folded arms with a look of excitement. Why was she happy...? I was a
little bit disturbed, but then she tried to boldly make her exit while humming.
“I'll go ask him directly. Sorry for bothering you.”
She waved her hand in a cool way, and I caught it! I managed to hold her back and pulled her
hand.
“Wait, wait, wait! What is this!? What's he trying to do!? Um, isn't this asking for trouble? This is
totally bad, isn't it!?”
“Oh, right, I guess you don't know.”
Hiratsuka-sensei acted as if it didn't matter, but she gave me an explanation. Apparently, the prom
we were supposed to have at first got complaints and was stopped. But senpai planned his own prom
that was far worse than what we had, which allowed us to hold our prom since it was more proper.
Basically, it was a pointless plan that served as a scapegoat or an underdog, or something like that.
“I don't get it...”
The words slipped out of my mouth, and Hiratsuka-sensei agreed with a grin. Okay, so why was she
so happy about it...?
“Um, but that shouldn't matter anymore, right? I mean, we had the prom already...”
“That's right, but apparently, this site was updated yesterday and today.”
“Apparently...?”
“Well, I didn't know about it until the parents association got in touch.”
I gave her a fixated stare, and she scratched her cheek with a troubled expression.
Oh, okay. This was following the same process as last time, which means someone from Yukinosenpai's
family came. I had a gist of the situation. The only thing I didn't get was senpai.
118
“But why is he updating it now...?”
“I'm sure he has his reasons,” Hiratsuka-sensei said, acting like an older sister. Yet, she was still
happy.
I seriously don't get it. Was he an idiot, or what? Would anyone go that far? If anything, why didn't
he tell me he would do something like that? Well, okay, the last time he did this, it was for us, which I
can totally get, kind of, not really, but kind of. Well, he's not doing it just for me, though. I don't get it.
Before I knew it, I pinched my lips out of irritation, and Hiratsuka-sensei patted my shoulder.
“Anyway, I'll get the circumstances from him in person. I'll let you know the details afterwards.”
She had such an affectionate smile and happily made her way out of the room, as if she was going
on a date, while I was left behind in shock.
There wasn't any point in standing here doing nothing, though. Regardless of how the joint prom
went, the student council would have to take action. I didn't want to be left out, anyway.
First, I needed information. I quickly googled the blog site from earlier, and after staring at it, I
could sense the workings of a woman in the design... And there was only one person who would help
senpai with this.
So, I copied the page and pasted it on LINE. I also added a “Hey, do you know about this????” and
sent the message. I got a quick response saying, “!??y!?!?” The message was full of characters indicating
the confusion of the sender. She also added a stamp with a crying dog and a “I have no idea!” message.
Looks like she didn't hear anything about this.
I followed up with a “Btw, do you know who made this website???” and this time I got a proper
response. “Chuuni. Also, the two first-year gamer guys! They look good with computers! They all have
glasses!” She then sent a barrage of glass emoticons. I see. Don't get it. What was so proper about these
messages again?
But the circle of friends that senpai had was so stupidly small, just the hint of glasses should be
enough to narrow down the suspects. Since Hiratsuka-sensei was already going to interrogate the main
culprit, I was going to go squeeze some information out of his accomplices.
I spun my seat around, and I called out to the vice president bawling his eyes out as he finished
our remaining business at the corner of the room. “Hey, vice president, do you know who this chuuni
person is? He wears glasses. He's also hanging out with two first-year boys who seem to be good at
games and computers.”
The vice president stopped and began thinking. That's fine and all, but keep working, okay?
“Chuuni... Oh, it must be that guy. The weird one...”
His wonderfully expressed words were vague, though he seemed to have an idea who they were.
“Can you bring that person here? And also the two first-years.”
“Huh...? I can do that, but I don't know who those other two are....”
Um? Searching for them was your job as the vice president, you know...? Of course, I couldn't say
that, so I gave him a troubled smiled instead. Then, secretary-chan sitting next to him raised her hand.
“Um...”
“Yes, secretary-chan?” I pointed at her.
She said in a low voice. “I think the two first-years are Hatano-kun and Sagami-kun from the UG
Club.”
“UG? Hatano? Sagami?” I inclined my head, having no idea of those names.
She made a bitter smile. “Iroha-chan, they're in your class...”
“Ahh...”
Bleh. Her stare changed from a dreadful one to one of those not-so-great ones. And here I thought
we were getting along recently! After all, I had very few female friends, so she was very important! So,
I decided to clear my throat, and clap my hands.
“Oh, right, right. Okay, VP, can you please bring Hatagaya-kun and Sagano-kun along, too!?”
I stuck out my tongue, winked with a side peace, and gave the order to the vice president. He was
unexpectedly eager when he stood up, perhaps happy to be freed from his work.
“All right, I'll go find them.”
“I'll go with you, Makito-kun. You don't know what they look like, right?”
119
“Thanks, that'd be great.”
They left the room together. Wow, secretary-chan, casual much? Did you just call the vice
president by his first name? You dating? You kidding me? Do your damn work, okay?
X X X
After some time, the vice president and the secretary were able to escort the accomplices back to
the student council room. It was a group of three wearing glasses, just like in the information I was
given.
The three were forced to sit at the long table. The vice president and the secretary stood at their
flanks to block any attempts at escape. The student council room was set up as a courtroom, and the
court (judge: me, prosecutor: me, attorney: me, sentence: capital punishment) was now in session.
“Can you explain what this is to me?”
I pointed at the screen of the evidence, the smartphone, and warmly asked. However, the three
were shrinking into their seats from fear while exchanging glances between each other.
Zero signs of having any semblance of a conversation... Calm down, me. I was always dealing with
someone as annoying as senpai all the time, so I should be able to deal with other people. Go, me. I'm
amazing, me.
I took a deep breath and formed the signature Irohasu smile. I wasn't angry at all, okay? I asked
nicely, “So, why are you guys trying to hold a joint prom without consulting the student council? Why?”
I brightened my smile as a reminder to their situation, and this time, it caused them to jump in
their seats. For some reason, even the vice president flinched. The secretary was whispering,
“Scary...”, too. Good, good, let's keep at it. Wait, Scary? Surely you mean cute?
While having those thoughts in mind, the glasses on the far right feebly spoke up.
“I-I would like to exercise my right to stay silent...”
“Rejected!”
This was the student council room, and I was the student council president. In other words, I was
the law, and as such, I would not allow you the right to remain silent.
Next, the glasses on the far left raised his hand. “I request the presence of an attorney...”
“Rejected!”
Because I was the attorney here. I was all ears to your case, okay? Only all ears, though.
Breaking from the pressure, the coat-wearing person sitting in the middle, wearing glasses with a
large build, raised both of his hands for some reason. He looked familiar, so he was probably Chuunisan.
“I've got a deadline to meet for my manuscript, so...”
He stood up and attempted to flee, but the vice president placed his hand on his shoulder and
casually sat him down.
They really needed to explain themselves while people were still smiling... Unintentionally, I
started hitting the table.
“Explain. Right. Now!”
“Okay...” Chuuni-san became despondent and reluctantly nodded.
I looked at them asking for the explanation. The glasses on both ends looked at each other and
began mumbling.
“Th-This was... because the brass came out of nowhere yesterday and forced us to...”
“E-Exactly! We were asked, so we couldn't exactly refuse!”
“I-I implore you to get the details from Hachiman! We are merely a third party lending a helping
hand!” Chuuni-san stated in a remarkable voice, and the other two nodded in agreement.
“I would love to do that, but he's already booked right now, you see...” I said, and placed my hand
on my brow that began to ache. I looked out the window.
“Why is he going out of his way to do something so annoying...? I don't get it.” I whispered to
myself while sighing and glared at the smartphone on the table. Then, in response to my words, the
120
three began whispering like they were engaging in a secret conversation.
“Totally, that guy makes no sense at all. We even told him it's impossible.”
“He even said he'll handle the rest once the information leaks... He's definitely crazy...”
“I believe he said failure was fine, too. 'I don't get it.'”
Chuuni-san started copying my words, as if he thought I wasn't listening. That apparently was
humorous to the other two.
I could hear you, damn it. I clicked my tongue, and glared. The two on the side shut their mouths.
On the other hand, Chuuni-san didn't seem to get the message and muttered with a hearty voice.
“However... in the face of such desperate pleas, it is only human nature to answer.”
His words suddenly pulled at me. He was desperate enough to beg for help with the joint prom,
but was still fine with it failing? Which means, his goal wasn't to make it a success. But he needed some
kind of process that would let him hold the prom. That's why, it would work in his favor if information
about it leaked?
Grrrr.... Wait, wait, I think I was starting to get it now. While I was moaning in thought, the three
idiots became rowdy and started whispering.
“True... He was pretty persistent, too. I mean, he was kneeling on the ground. First time I've ever
seen someone prostrate.”
“Well, it's not like we could refuse, you know? Since he was going so far, you know? Sort of like
how a promise between men didn't need any words?”
“Indeed. However, prostrating is merely another pose for Hachiman. I suspect he only thinks of it
as nothing more than yoga.”
“What? That's just terrible.”
“I knew he had no morals...”
Ahh, I totally got that... He always used any means necessary to achieve his goals, after all... In
listening to Chuuni-san's words, I slipped out a smile, and then something flashed in my mind.
“Well, after asking us, he kept telling us do retakes on the site over and over again with a straight
face. He's definitely nuts.”
“When he asked for three more patterns on the design, I thought he was going to murder us.”
“Indeed, truly nonsensical. It's like he had no heart. He's a demon, a devil, an editor!”
When I looked up from the light bulb going off in my head, the three glasses were having fun
insulting senpai.
“You guys are noisy. I'm thinking right now, so please be quiet.”
I roared at them, and they finally went quiet. God, if you wanted to hold a tournament on who
could insult him the most, do it some other time. Because I would totally win it.
Exactly. My senpai was the worst person ever, and he was such an incredibly, rotten scumbag. His
eyes were mostly rotten, but his personality was even worse.
That's why, he could use any means necessary to achieve his goals. A big event like a joint prom
was bound to involve all sorts of parties, but he only saw it as a means to an end.
That means, his goal was...
When I arrived at the answer, a smile formed at my lips, simultaneously leaving it was a whisper.
“I seriously don't get it at all...”