Interlude 1
Again and again.
I look back again and again.
The distance widens and time passes.
I go far to the point I can’t go back.
So that I can finally look back and remind myself of what was right.
Even while knowing this is a mistake, I persuade myself that this is the one
and only answer.
Again and again.
I look back again and again.
At the first light of day.
At the trickling rain and dew of the early afternoon.
At the light snowfall dancing as they scatter in the twilight.
At the hazy moon shaking in the midnight.
There was always a place and opportunity to answer, and that time, it looked
as if I would be guided towards the optimal solution.
However, it never looked as if the correct answer would be said.
Probably, maybe, surely.

7


I’d thought this was probably for the best.
I’d made an ambiguously grey decision that neither got it right nor far.
Maintaining a reasonable distance, not hurting anyone, neither right or
wrong, fact or fiction, and unclear.
It wasn’t that I couldn’t say what I wanted to, I just didn’t know what I
wanted to say even was.
What right did someone like that have to say.
That’s why, at the very least.
I just want to be correct this time.
I don’t want to forgive my errors or mistakes.
Because I can’t afford to be wrong anymore.

8


Chapter 1: Deeply, Hiratsuka
Shizuka Reminisces the Past
Countless, countless times have I turned back my head.
Yet every step moves out without stopping.
Let my heartbeat accelerate , let my breathing fall out of place, and refused to
wipe off the accumulating sweat.
If I don't do this, every small detail might just become my excuse to stop. Yet
this doesn't stop me from looking back again and again, how disgusting.
That image of a single drop of tear right before we parted refuses to leave my
head.
The remaining traces of rainwater on the road, looks identical to the trace on
her cheeks. The puddles of water my running feet tries to avoid, the unnatural
disrupted footwork, every step screams, urging me to turn back.
But what can going back do for me, what should I say to do anything about
the situation.
No, there is a solution lying somewhere in my heart. Yet my legs refuses to
decide on any option, repeating its mechanical yet unnatural movement.
Even if a standard option exists, that isn't mine, that can't be our answer.
The sun slowly falls into the horizon, turning itself crimson red.
The shadows of houses elongate, to the point they seem so close to blending

9


in with the darkness from the faraway twilight. Refusing to be swallowed by
this darkness, I continued to run forward.
Every step felt solid, yet thoughts are floating with no direction.
Thinking about what that drop of tears meant, my thoughts fall deep, to the
point of witnessing every reason possible, however no conclusion could be
made out of them, and all clues were found only to be left behind.
Just like everything that happened, just like how everything has been done.
The path leads straight towards the sea.
The chilling seabreeze slips into the gaps of my coat and muffler, stabs my
burning face, reminding it of stiffness.
The cold continues to linger, yet sweat continues to drop. Removing the scarf
wrapped up on my neck, only makes me feel that a part of my body is being
binded.
Whatever that was stuck within my chest gets exhaled out as I struggle to
regain my breath.
Despite my anxiousness, as if something is grabbing onto my hair, my
footsteps start to slow down.
Being lucky enough to run into a red light, I take a deep breath as my hands
rest on my ankles.
Running to escape something, being followed up at the moment I stopped.
The meaning behind that tear, the weight within those words, they are all
questioning, they are all criticizing.
Reassuring me that I was wrong.
In front of my glaring eyes, stands an old traffic light that refuses to be

10


replaced with.
Its blackened blood that screams of illness suddenly disappeared.
Time to start running again.
Releasing a sigh that sounded so similar to a shriek, I straighten up my body
and started stepping.
Towards that deep, dark green light that signals us to move forward.

11


1-2
As I reached school and entered the campus.
My thoughts started to calm down.
To the point where those sad yet gentle words are echoing clearer than
before.
From the moment I picked up the phone call till now, have been thinking,
have been running around in circles.
Words that have been said, words that could have been said.
What should've been shaped solid, seemed as ambiguous as it had always
been. What I have sealed up without a second thought, refusing to take a
closer look at it.
If that is the case, what weight does my words even hold? Probably, the only
reason Hiratsuka sensei purposely made me speak out, is because this is the
last time I have a chance to do so.
Sensing that the time of parting is approaching, I looked up at the twilight
that filled up the entire sky.
Reaching to the doorstep of the staff room, my hand that was about to knock
on the door, suddenly held back.
Teasing at the fear I'm feeling right now, I let out a sigh.
But I can't stand here forever.
Because she won't either.
Hiratsuka sensei will one day leave us.

12


I never knew that, thus I never tried to prove anything, to show her any
results.
But the one thing I can do, is to not show her this embarrassing side of me,
this is the one thing I should do.
After another sigh, I knocked twice on the door before entering the staff
room.
My eyes swayed naturally towards that one position I have always looked at.
On that place, sat Hiratsuka sensei.
She seems to be working on documentations.
That familiar figure works relentlessly facing her desk, her long hair that
sways from time to time, the slight rotation on her shoulders seemed like her
trying to relax them.
The backview of her working seriously felt refreshing, and staring at it
doesn't feel boring, I didn't feel like bothering her by this moment, thus I
didn't called out to her immediately.
Actually, there are some lies, a lot of lies within this thought of mine.
I refuse to witness the end of this never ending daily life, which is why I
didn't call out to her.
Losing someone also means that the scenery, the moments that I've always
took for granted will leave me too, something that took me so long to realize.
Hoping to take a closer look, I carefully moved towards her, trying not to
make a single sound, while trying to recall how I've always started our
conversation,
But she spoke right before me:

13


"Sorry, give me a few more minutes."
As if she already knew of my presence without making sure, Hiratsuka sensei
pointed at the deeper parts of the staff room, the spot where we always had
our conversations.
Her tone sounded like how its always been, so I replied briefly:
"Alright."
"Umu."
With her head still facing the desk, she put a halt to our small talk.
As I moved towards the discussion room, the lingering smell of cigarette
smoke reminds me that, the first time I came here for the keys of the
clubroom, I also had a talk with Hiratsuka sensei here. I recalled her weird
expression she gave when she asked me to stay for another while, perhaps
she felt lonely during that time.
That time I didn't knew that she was going to be shifted away.
I've been living a life where I've never been close with any teachers.
So this is probably the first time, that I have to witness a teacher I truly
appreciate is about to leave right in front of me.
Sitting in the conversation room doesn't feel assuring, not being to see what
Hiratsuka sensei is doing. The curtains that divide this room from the others
give off a sense of dead silence, chipping my patient away bit by bit.
The brief noises made by the janitor and the ringing of phones reminds me
the flow of time. The skies outside are turning dark too.
After staring outside the window for some time, I heard a knocking sound on
the wall, as I looked around, Hiratsuka sensei is already standing in the room.

14


"Sorry for keeping you waiting."
"Ah, its fine....."
Her smile seemed so weak that its giving off a sense of loneliness, making
me unable to joke or grunt about all the waiting.
Her presence acted like a block of solid air that fills up the discussion area,
the rumbling noise from the staff room feels nonexistent all of a sudden, as if
she created an isolated space for us alone.
Only the sounds of leather could be heard as she sat on the sofa in front of
me.
"So, where do we start from..."
Hiratsuka didn't continue speaking, instead she placed a can of that familiar,
sugar saturated coffee on the table, and pushed it gently towards me.
I don't feel thirsty, so I shook my head. She handed over the black coffee on
her other hand.
Guess I don't have a choice, so I chosen the coffee I'm familiar with.
Holding the coffee in my hands, I silently waited for Hiratsuka to say
something.
But I'm instead replied with the regular tempo of knocking sounds.
Hiratsuka took out a cigarette, hitting its tip on the table, I recall that this was
done to sort out the tobacco in it, but now it seemed like she was trying to
sort out something else.
She then lit up the cigarette. The laminar flow of smoke starts to waver in
turbulence as it goes up, the surroundings are filled with the fragrance of tar.
I don't live in an environment with a lot of smokers. So I guess this fragrance
will eventually vanish. And someday when I smelled tar, I'll remember of
her, until someday where she completely fades from my memories.

15


To conceal this sudden thought that I have, I started to talk:
"For now, lets talk about the prom......."
I ran all the way back here to know more about this , yet I made myself sound
like I have something else to say.
Hiratsuka sensei seemed to realize this, but still nodded her head in
agreement.
"Sure......"
She applied more force onto the still long cigarette until it was put off, made
a short sigh and continued:

16


17


"From what I'm seeing right now, the school is currently reviewing towards
the direction of cancelling the graduation prom."
"Reviewing, huh."
"Yes, they haven't come to a final decision, but its expected that the school
won't change its attitude towards the matter, which is why they'll most
probably request its organizers to perform self restraint."
As Hiratsuka's narrates this inevitable truth with her calm and composed
tone, I intercepted:
"I'm assuming that 'self restraint' was simply a statement, but what it really
meant is to cancel the event?"
"Both the school and also the board are taking on a subtle position. It was the
school that approved the prom in the first place, so they can't just call it off.
Which is why they compromised by giving the order of self restraint."
"But didn't we..."
Hiratsuka sensei is giving off a bitter expression. Which reminds me that she
most probably already discussed with Yukinoshita and the others over this
matter. Revolving around the same issue won't get us anywhere, so I decided
to ask something different.
"But your opinion is different from what the school thinks, isn't it?"
"Yes, I believe that we can achieve a common ground through further
discussions with the related parties, but..."
Hiratsuka didn't continue, but I'm able to guess what's the determining factor
to the current situation.
The promotional video of the graduation prom that sparked uncertainties
within the hearts of the parents, Yukinoshita's mother, who represented the
parental board a few days ago, and their concerns that stemmed from the
various issues of graduation proms in foreign countries.
18


These factors combined, are enough for the school to decide on cancelling the
prom.
"...Well, from the fact that came all the way here just to express their
opinions, its not really surprising that things are how it is right now."
"Indeed. The situation has grew beyond my level of responsibility and
authority, and my opinions can only be treated as the school's reference. Sigh,
the sadness of being a lowly civil servant."
Just as what she said. Not just the teachers, even graduating students like me
and everyone else in the lower hierarchy of the system. None of our opinions
will be taken seriously by the school authorities.
Forcefully achieve an equilibrium between each parties involved, have the
weaker side put down their weapons, and expecting things to conclude
without creating a huge storm.
'Self restrain' is indeed an appropriate term to use.
"Having a job is the worst, after all."
"Not if you're working at the top, you have the freedom to do anything you
want."
We joked over the matter with a dead smile. But these jokes aren't wrong
either. In the end of the day, we're just puppets being played by the will of
those with authority.
On this matter, Yukinoshita's mother is one holds the authority, a shadow
ruler who has the school within her clutches.
For such a figure to purposely come over, and requesting for a discussion
with the school's administration.
How trivial the topic is doesn't matter, just by seeing Mrs Yukinoshita to
show such concern, is enough to make everyone to treat the matter in a
superficial way.

19


Her true intentions is irrelevant, as what the others observed is merely the
nature of the act.
Even if Mrs Yukinoshita only came here 'to discuss','to inquire', for a person
with such a status to be here, is enough for others to feel pressured, enough to
create an atmosphere for people to have wonders.
For example when two important figures having pleasant tea break together,
outsiders will feel suspicious towards the context of their chat within the
private room, ending up with the formation of such an atmosphere, where
people will try to please the said important figures as much as possible.
This occurs in our daily lives to, the cliched "please try to read the
atmosphere oh god" dialogue is one of its products, where they speculate over
unclear, ambiguous info, and treating such an act as a virtue.
Its an unenlightened method of adjusting things, yet it tends to create peace.
Within schools, neighborhoods, workplaces, and even within social groups to
an extent, being able to adhere to these unspoken rules is a necessary
communication skill.
But then again isn't reading the atmosphere too much of a forceful demand?
Expecting the man to always be the one to take the initiative to ask for one's
contact method or to invite someone out, and this magical rule where the
third date will be sufficient to create an atmosphere suitable for confessing.
What is this down triangle spam [1] lookalike ? It just counters Zangief so
much, its kinda unfair? Even if its not used against Zangief its still goddamn
strong!
The same communication skill applies even on most friend circles, when one
of them started saying stuff like: "Isn't that person acting a little strange
lately?" "He wasn't such a dick before." , then everyone suddenly thinks so
hard like they're Habu Yoshiharu playing mind games in his shogi match [2].
And boom, the center of discussion suddenly got isolated without even
realizing it.
In such an unfair shogi battle matchup, if you can't figure a way to get a 14
hand to escape, even Hokkaido chicken fritters [3] will end up becoming roasted chicken [4].

20
