1

Oregairu Shin - Chapter 3 : Above the roadside, see the world from the
train windows that Chiba is proud of.​1
The scenery from the windows flowed slowly.
As we were a few minutes ahead of the evening rush hour, hardly any other
passengers were on board the monorail. Our cabin did not have any traces of people at
all and thanks to that, Yukinoshita and I were able to see the streets of Chiba from the
windows on the opposite side.
Beyond the pristine white sand, the evening glow dyed the sea in red. That view
gradually faded as the monorail made its way into the city that sank into an indigo
colour.
With tail lamps that stretched into a long row and street lights that blurred faintly
beneath my eyes, the monorail headed into a cluster of towering buildings as if it was a
skyscraper itself.
From evening scenery into night view, the sensation of sprinting across the sky
felt like an attraction at the amusement park.
Even though I was thrilled just from riding on the monorail, the view was simply
marvellous. Above all else, the route from Chiba-minato station to Chiba station at dusk
was my favourite. ​It’s about time that 「See the World by Train」​2​ features it.
I could gaze at this dreamlike scenery forever.
......I wanted to gaze at it forever.
Undoubtedly, I was averting my gaze from reality.
After this, I would be having dinner with the Yukinoshita family. ​No, it’s not that I
am unwilling to have a meal with Yukinoshita herself. If anything, bring it on! However, the
story changes slightly when the Yukinoshita family is the other party involved.
Ahhh, what should I do…
Giving a deep sigh, I hung my head. Then, I felt a soft pull on my cuff. When I
looked up, Yukinoshita, who was sitting beside me, had a somewhat troubled look on her
face.

“What is it, is something wrong?”
Yukinoshita shook her head slightly. With her mouth firmly shut, she made a face
that said, “It’s nothing.”
Although she made such a face, her eyes were restlessly swimming around and
she cast her eyes down onto the floor repeatedly.
Wha...what’s wrong? What happened? I mean, having my cuff gripped makes me
incredibly nervous, she smells amazing and whenever the cabin sways, her hair touches me
gently! As I become fidgety, my palms start sweating too! Wha, what kind of sign is this?
Just when my palms were sweating by the gallon, the monorail approached a
bend and the cabin tilted to the side.
At that instant, the force holding onto my cuff tightened firmly.
With that, I suddenly remembered.
Roughly five years ago... wait, it wasn’t that far back in the past, but at most a few
months ago. When we went to Destinyland during the Christmas season, Yukinoshita
had shown me a similar state of nervousness on one of the rides. I still remembered her
tense figure when we got on the Ferris wheel at Kasai-Rinkai aquarium too.
The conclusion that I​ ​came to was that...​ Yukinoshita is hopeless with heights.
Based on my experience, I needed something to divert her attention. I recalled
myself doing the same during our trip to Destinyland.
If she turned her attention to something else, she would no longer worry about
the height and the rattling monorail. With a light conversation, a few stations would feel
like an instant.
In that case, it can’t be helped​.
I edged myself slowly towards her and closed the distance by a little.
It can’t be helped, since we’re going to talk. I will be troubled if the trembling and
rattling of the moving monorail bury our voices too. That’s why, I mean, I have no other
choice. This is definitely within the range of tolerance.
It was not an excuse for someone else, but simply a way to persuade myself. With
that in mind, I closed the roughly two fist-length gap that separated us.
Our thighs gently touched... and our shoulders came into contact as well.


Yukinoshita looked at me in surprise. ...​If you stare that hard at me, I will get
embarrassed too!​ Pretending that I did not notice her gaze, I spoke in a hurry.
“I’m asking just in case, but are you afraid of heights?”
“...I might not... be good at it.”
Answering in a soft voice, Yukinoshita turned her face away. She had the same
reaction when I asked her at Destinyland some time ago. ​See! I knew it! I thought that
would be the case!
“Erm… If you told me, I would have chosen a different route, ya know?”
In fact, I had chosen the monorail as it required the least transfers. There were
other routes that could have brought us to Chiba station. It just so happened that I said,
“Let’s go via the monorail,” excitedly like it was a jazz standard​3​ and it was decided that
way.​ Wait, perhaps Yukinoshita knows that I am a true Chiba Monorailer (someone who
likes Chiba Monorail) and indulged me. Nah, that can’t be. What even is a Monorailer?
In any case, my words had faint signs of remorse as though I was apologizing for
making her indulge me and in response, Yukinoshita shook her head. Next, she placed
her hand on her chest, took a deep breath, gently closed her eyes and whispered.
“No, I’m really fine with the monorail… I’m fine because it’s a vehicle… I’m fine
because... it’s a train…”
“You’re just trying to convince yourself now…”
Will she really be fine...?​ As I let out a worried sigh, the force applied on my cuff
faded slowly.
Her once hesitant fingers then widened and grabbed onto my sleeve as if she
wanted to wrap her hand around my whole wrist.
Unconcerned by my nonplussed reaction towards her kitten-like play biting
behaviour, Yukinoshita closed the distance between us and delicately rested her weight
on my shoulder.
“I’m not good at it..., but I don’t dislike it.”
As she responded with a sighing smile, Yukinoshita’s eyes turned to the windows
opposite us, towards buildings illuminated by the evening glow.

​Jazz standards​ are musical compositions that are an important part of the musical repertoire of
jazz musicians.
3


The monorail was still high up in the sky and rattling in its own way, but
Yukinoshita looked like she had settled down. I could also sense that from her relaxed
breathing, as if she had dozed off.
If anything, I was the one who could not keep calm.
Even though the weight of the slender shoulder resting on me was worryingly
light, without a doubt, her soothing warmth was conveyed to me through our school
uniforms.
Shampoo? Or was it perfume? I could not tell but whenever the Sabon​4​-like fresh
aromatic scent wafted in the air, my back muscles tensed up.
In order to hide my nervousness, I… Ah, I was sure I had already been exposed.
Putting it at the back of my head, I looked at the same scenery Yukinoshita had been
gazing at and I whispered.
“Can you tell me about other things that you’re not really good at?”
I thought I knew it all. I thought that I understood everything. Even then, I wanted
to ask her. Just like today, things about her that I gradually realized but could not
understand were countless.
Yukinoshita, who was now sitting at a much closer distance than before, tilted her
head in response.
“Even if you say that…”
Yukinoshita placed her hand on her lips and her line of sight moved to the upper
right corner. ​Well, when you get asked such a question suddenly, nothing really pops up in
your mind after all.​ If I were to be asked about Yukinoshita’s weak points, I would not be
able to answer it right away either.
“Well, first of all, dogs, am I right? Next will be ghosts, I guess.”
Or so I thought, but I could really come up with quite a number of them! ​Doesn’t
this girl have way too many weaknesses? Is she alright? Can she survive properly?
“How about others? Is there anything else?”
Heights, dogs and ghosts. I counted each one of them with my fingers and when I
turned my head back to her asking for the fourth, Yukinoshita was giving me a rather
displeased look.

4

​SABON is a famous Israeli brand for cosmetics, skin and health care products.


“I’m not really weak to dogs or ghosts…”
“Ah, that’s fine, you don’t have to go on.”
It’s fine. It’s all good. I understand. That’s why I’m asking in such a way, for “things
you’re not really good at”.
When I dismissed her bluntly with a straight face, Yukinoshita sulked and pouted
her lips before finally giving up with a sigh.
“I guess I’m really not great with those.”
Then, after pondering for a brief moment, she raised her head abruptly and
answered candidly in a refreshed expression.
“Bugs are impossible.”
“Me too.”
Looking at her overly sincere and straightforward declaration, I could not help but
agree. ​Really, bugs are impossible. I get it~
As I nodded my head, Yukinoshita giggled.
“What about you? Your weak points.”
“Tomatoes, I think. I have vowed never to eat raw ones.”
Yukinoshita nodded in acceptance and started typing away on her smartphone
that she took out of her pocket. ​Hold on, you don’t have to take notes. By the way I’m bad
at cucumbers as well but pickled ones are fine, got it?
Before I had the time to remonstrate with her, Yukinoshita shot me a glance,
asking me, “Any others?” with just her eyes.
“After that it’s maths, I suppose. Hmm...what’s next? I wonder if there are more.”
Now that I think about it, I really cannot come up with much when someone asks
about my weaknesses in such a serious tone. I am bad at some aspects of everything in the
world. In that case, I can say that I’m bad at things in the other world too, since I’m rather
weak to ghosts.
Are there any more?​... Unable to come up with one that screamed, “This is it!” I
could not get anywhere by thinking any further. At this moment, Yukinoshita opened her
mouth as though she was exclaiming, “Ah! I thought of something,” and tapped on my
upper arm lightly as if to say, “Listen! Listen!”


Hey, this type of gesture makes me shudder and is embarrassing, but it’s super cute
and surprises me, so stop that, alright?​ I turned to look at her as her eyes sparkled, and
she spoke with a tone full of confidence.
“When it comes to Hikigaya-kun’s weak points, this is it. Human relationships.”
“That goes for you too…”
Why are you making such a triumphant face? Or rather, isn’t it a bit too late for
something like that? I’m hardly even conscious of that anymore.
“Everyone is bad at that kind of thing, so it’s a no-count. Generally speaking, the
only people who say that they’re good at human relations are scammers and
psychopaths.”
No matter how much or how little, everyone had their share of worries with
human relationships. ​When a fortune teller nonchalantly tells you, “I’m sorry, your
horoscope, Leo, comes in at twelfth place. You might worry about your human relationships
today. Your lucky item is seven trillion yen!” Isn’t he guaranteed to hit the mark? There isn’t
anyone who doesn’t face relationship problems and besides, anyone who strikes seven
trillion yen should automatically be considered lucky. Stop fooling around and hand over
that seven trillion yen!
Yukinoshita shrugged her shoulders and chuckled.
“Indeed, everyone has someone they can’t handle.”
It would have been fine if she had stopped there, but Yukinoshita started
pondering and counting with her fingers.
“In your case, there’s my mother. Next is my sister.”
“I’m going to have dinner with those people later, you know…”
Hahaha you little devil! After letting out a feigned laughter, I remembered the
grim reality drawing close to me and my heart became noticeably heavier.
“Erm, can I ask what will we be eating later?”
It will be paid by someone else after all, so I just have to enjoy myself to the fullest.
As I asked her in order to prepare myself mentally, Yukinoshita inclined her head.
“Didn’t I tell you? We’re having Italian. Don’t you like it?”
“Are you saying it’s Saizeriya? Well, I certainly like Saizeriya, but…”


Hmm… Saizeriya ​is​ undoubtedly an Italian restaurant but upon hearing that, I felt
a sense of discomfort that I could not seem to clear away. It was likely because I
recognized Saizeriya as a genre of its own.
However, it is highly unlikely for me to be going to Saizeriya with the Yukinoshita
family.
Saizeriya ​is​ a restaurant for everyday use. The ally of commoners. Members of
high society families like the ​Yukinoshitas​ did not give off the impression that they went
to Saizeriya. No, it wouldn’t be strange if Haruno-san went somewhere with reasonably
priced wine and drank them by the magnum​5​.
However, today is definitely not the day for that. We’re definitely going to a fancy
place.​ Compelled by anxiety, I couldn’t help but ask,
“I mean, where are we going for dinner?”
“A place my family frequents.”
“Eh, wouldn’t it be expensive? Is my dress code ok? I’m screwed, right?”
Looking at my school uniform in haste, I spotted wrinkles all over. ​Oh, this won’t
do. With such shabby looking clothes, I’m bound to get kicked out at the front door. Oh
crap~ I guess this is impossible after all~ I wanted to meet Hahanon but with wrinkles all
over my clothes, I just couldn’t~ I have tried to straighten it but it’s impossible~​ As I came
up with all these excuses in my head, I patted my uniform vigorously.
Disregarding all of my movements, Yukinoshita lowered my hand quietly before
showing me a beaming smile.
“It’s a pretty casual restaurant and is not that strict. Our school uniform is fine.”
“I see…”
Is that so?​ Our school uniform might be fine, but Yukinoshita probably did not
know much about life on the streets. At best, a casual restaurant could refer to a
privately owned trendy looking cafe. You could not call a place that required a school
uniform as the minimum dress code a casual restaurant.
In other words, it would be an expensive restaurant. There were high class
restaurants for Italian places too. ​In that case, don’t say it’s an Italian place, just tell me it’s
an expensive one!

5

​Magnum is a unit of measurement for wine. 1 magnum = 1.5 litres.


Meeting Yukinoshita’s mother in such a place...​I’m definitely screwed…
​
My back is against the wall, huh… ​Just as I was about to give up, I noticed a major
flaw in my attire. ​Yes, my outer wall may have been destroyed but my inner wall remains!
Not yet! I’m still barely hanging on in the Summer Siege of Osaka​6!​ Well, I’ll probably lose in
the Summer Siege of Osaka and I still have a fighting chance with my back against the wall,
but that’s beside the point.
“......Ah!”
I stood up from my seat hastily as if I just remembered something.
“This is bad… I forgot my necktie. I’m going back to get it, or rather, I’m going
home.”
“You don’t have to worry about that.”
Without a moment’s delay, Yukinoshita firmly pulled me back to my seat by my
sleeve. Then, she took out a small package from her bag. As she opened it, a necktie
made specifically for the Sobu High School male uniform appeared in my sight.
“Komachi-san entrusted me with this. Now there are no more problems, right?”
“O…oh.”
Uh… this sister of mine, isn’t she way too capable? She’s already like a fresh
graduate ready to fight immediately and is far more capable than those job-seeking
students who proclaim to be social lubricants in the office.
Ignoring my conflicted expression, Yukinoshita smoothly extended the necktie
and gently pulled my collar towards her. Unable to react to her sudden movement, I
stayed still like an obedient kitten being carried.
The collar of my shirt was raised and the necktie was smoothly wrapped around it.
After making a full circle around and then going through the loop, a lovely triangular
knot was formed. Finally, she grabbed the tie and pushed the knot up to my collar
delicately.
At that very moment, my eyes met with Yukinoshita’s, who was at a much closer
distance to me than before.

Siege of Osaka ​was a series of battles in the 17​th ​century and was divided into two stages,
summer and winter.
6

Upon the sudden realization of her actions and coming back to her senses,
Yukinoshita’s cheeks flushed in a scarlet colour and her mouth fidgeted in nervousness.
Even after fastening my tie and letting it go, her blush did not subside as she fell into
silence.
For an instant, an awkward atmosphere lingered around us.
“Th...thank you.”
“No worries...”
Having difficulties enduring the silence, I filled in the time by expressing my
gratitude. However, Yukinoshita was still hanging her head downwards. Thanks to that, I
was able to see her scorching red ears peeking out from her luscious black hair.
Ahhh I can’t take it anymore, you cheeky... If you get embarrassed while doing that,
stop it! I will get embarrassed too, you know.
I have no idea whether she’s unaware or if she’s actually conscious about it, but the
way she’s coming at me with such assertiveness leaves me at a complete loss.
The fact that I don’t hate it in the slightest, is really troubling.