Thus, A New Enemy Appears Before Him.





Watari Wataru


When a man leaves the house, he is surrounded by seven enemies, or so they say. Indeed, managing a company and serving as a member of the prefecture diet, it was all but true. Embroiled in both roles with due haste, there were now fourteen enemies.

It goes without saying I had many allies, but it was a hotbed of individuals ready to turn their backs at any moment's notice, making a close relationship with them undesirable. Ever since debuting into society, I've had no recollection of a relationship that was without self-interest being involved. Such a thing was irrelevant to one's title, for many adults in the world could sympathize.

As such, the concept of a man leaving the house and being surrounded by seven enemies was always an accompanying phrase.

However, I wasn't foolish enough to state so openly. With respect to recent developments in society, the idea that it was limited to only males was an old-fashioned train of thought that could easily be criticized, and it could even be considered racism should the enemies be referring to the people in the vicinity.

More importantly, blurting out such a thing in my home would undoubtedly subject me to the thin smile of a beautifully featured but frightening individual while telling me, “Oh, so you're saying you don't have any enemies at home?” That I couldn't reject such a notion immediately was all the more vexing. By no means did I deem the ladies as my enemies, but I couldn't completely call them my allies either. A truly worrisome predicament.

My wife and my daughters ought to be lauded as saints, virtuous, and wise. However, there were times where they would exhibit fiendish faces that surpassed the tyrannical evils of a king.

All in all, well, if I had to settle for a term, calling them little devils would be most apt. No, that expression may be slightly unfitting. It may be too large of an expression in terms of scale.

When they're scary, they're completely scary. Especially my wife, she's really scary. Recently, my oldest daughter has been very scary, too. And my second daughter was secretly scary.

That being said, it's their scariness that made their occasional display of sweetness overwhelmingly destructive, enough to the point it could effortlessly tear down the iron wall of reason like the one of the Asama-Sanso hostage incident.

For these ladies whom I couldn't explicitly call allies or enemies, the expression “little devils” was far too cute and scary. In that case, proclaiming them as goddesses was only appropriate.

Across many legends and epics, goddesses were not necessarily written as allies to the protagonists. They also served as symbols of fear and disorder.

Both my wife and daughters were liken to such existences as praised in countless myths, possessing two extremes in their personalities, love and fear, while robbing the common folk of their souls. Though they would assume dignified and beautiful outward forms, the unexpected glimpse of their adorable maiden qualities were indeed what goddesses would do.

When a man leaves the house, he is surrounded by seven enemies.

When one returns to the Yukinoshita household, he is surrounded by the three pillars of goddesses.

Thus, in spite of my return to my abode, I would not be at ease. Because today, I would find myself at the mercy of their whimsical nature once again.



********************************************************************************

[264] In the scenery flowing by the back seat window, short-lived cherry blossoms danced in the night.

Caught by the red light, the driver slowly brought the car to a halt. The street lights illuminated the cherry trees, exposing soft leaves on the branches.

It’s already mid-April. Working for the company and staying in the office all the time made me lose track of time.

At home and the office, the company, ever on the go, everything was hectic.

After being released from the hassle of transitioning to a new year 1, I could finally get off and spend some time for myself.

As I stared aimlessly into the scenery, the light had somehow turned green, and the car quietly cruised away. Such gentle acceleration and braking, the mark of a professional. Back then, I too, used to drive around in a similar fashion. But as expected, I was nowhere near the level of someone who makes a living out of it. When I started working for my father-in-law, I wasn’t used to having someone drive for me. Eventually, the awkwardness subsided.

1 Japan starts their financial year in April. The arrival of spring is a symbolism for a new beginning in Japanese culture.

[265] Upon arriving in front of our house, the driver would proceed to open the back door. I have accepted that as a daily routine.

Thank you for your hard work. Good night. See you tomorrow.

I have no idea how I should greet as I leave the car, so I just say whatever crossed my mind.

The driver silently bows and sees me off. And so, I averted my gaze towards the entrance and went through the gate.

Familiarity is a scary thing.

The presence of a driver, a huge mansion, prefectural assembly and company work, a new family name. In the beginning, all of it was perplexing.

First and foremost, the way of life. I wasn’t originally planning to pursue a political career or run a company, but that’s how the family of my wife happens to be.

Nowadays, the number of female politicians is on the rise. But back then, it was a predominately male career path. Therefore, I was to be made the successor upon getting married.

[266] I was not from a well-off family, so that was the condition set for the marriage, which I immediately accepted.

And so, just by re-registering my license, bank accounts, and other documents, I became a member of the Yukinoshita family.

With my new surname, I succeeded my father-in-law, and was blessed with two daughters.

After giving my best through everything at work, be it as a member of the prefecture diet, a Sensei, and the President of the company, I now realized that this is something I was born to do.

However, I still am a husband and a father. Even with a career spanning 20 years since I got married, I am still a bit lacking in fulfilling those roles. This became more apparent as my girls grew into teenagers.

Haruno and Yukino.

My two daughters, just like my wife, grew into talented and beautiful women. As their father, this worries me. They may be talented, but what if they were treated unfairly? Will the expectation of being part of the Yukinoshita family be a burden to them? And with them being so cute, what if strange insects approach them......

There is no end to my worries; like sand on the beach. I couldn’t talk to one of my daughters anymore without hesitation in my voice. Seeing her looking down, with sadness visible in her eyes is painful as I am no longer able to comfort her.

[267] While father has always been unreliable, mother is strict yet gentle, treating them with deep love and affection. Speaking of strictness, I have borne the brunt of her strictness even more than my daughters. Yet, no matter how strict she is, the current market condition is even harsher. Wait, isn’t that way too harsh?

Back when I inherited the Yukinoshita family business, my wife was stringent in evaluating my work, even more so than my father-in-law, who decided to retire early. Thanks to that, I managed to learn a lot at work. But, that also made me afraid to go home. Even now, part of that fear still existed.

Approaching the entrance, somehow it made me more nervous than coming into work.

And yet there she is, at the entrance on the top step, welcoming me home.

“Welcome home.”

My wife, in traditional Japanese attire, her hair neatly tied, gracefully bows with a gentle smile. That gentle smile is as lovely as, no, even more lovely than when we first met.

“Yes, I’m home.”

As she reaches for my coat and bag, I shook my head slightly and thanked her. I am just an ordinary salaryman, there’s no need for this elaborate reception from such a peerless Yamato Nadeshiko in the first place. And yet, this has been going on for 20 years.

[268] Even so, her hand is still there, as she silently smiles.

I finally gave up and handed her my coat.

It’s not that I don’t want to leave my bag in her care. Her kind consideration is always appreciated, but I can’t help it since it has been my habit ever since we got married. Nowadays, the bag no longer held anything important, and I often bring it along even though it’s empty. But when I was young, it was filled to the brim with expectations, responsibilities, and enthusiasm. As time went by, it carried various other things. Now, even though I no longer desire to carry those heavy burdens, I still want to carry my own bag.

In the end, my wife, who wanted to receive my bag, and me, who wanted to carry it myself, are both stubborn people, so it can’t be helped.

Thinking about that while admiring my wife walking along the corridor leading from the entrance, I unknowingly break into a smile. Noticing that, she glances back.

“Haruno returned home as well today.”

“I see. That’s rare.”

Just when I thought that my younger daughter, who had been living alone, was finally returning, my eldest daughter left the house instead. Since I’m often away for work, I haven’t been able to be with my family since New Year’s holiday. Filled with anticipation of being able to spend some time in peace with the whole family, my walking pace increases. In contrast, my wife slows down ever so slightly.

[269] “Whatever do you mean? That girl comes back regularly.”

She sighs, touching her temple with her long and slender fingers as if to endure a headache.

“I wonder if she ever thinks about leaving the house?”

“......that’s a strange thing to think about.”

Upon hearing my words, she tilted her head sideways in confusion. Such innocent gestures and facial expressions have not changed ever since I met her.





Since my wife is expecting Haruno to succeed the family business, she has been particularly strict with her. Although there’s a feeling that Haruno might not be happy about it, but being the eldest sibling, she eventually accepted the responsibilities.

However, based on what has been said by my wife, there might be a change in the arrangement.

Up until now, my wife has been disapproving of Haruno leaving the house. In the end, it was only permitted because Haruno is living alone in our own apartment. But, her statement can be interpreted as permission to leave the family. Indeed, her action can be strange at times.

I wonder if something happened between my wife and Haruno that I have not been told about. As I ponder about that question while loosening my neck-tie, I walked by the living room.

[270] While making my way to the bedroom, I glanced into the living room. Yukino and Haruno were sitting on the sofa, keeping to themselves.

Haruno was laughing in a good mood while watching TV, with a crystal glass in one hand.

Meanwhile, Yukino was sitting across from her with a teacup in one hand and flipping through a paperback book with the other. Then, as if remembering something, she picked up her smartphone, broke into a soft smile, and started typing. This is yet another peculiar sight. I thought she only made that expression while watching “Iwago Mitsuaki’s ‘A World of Cats’2” . Perhaps someone shared cat videos on SNS? Even so, to the point of flapping her legs and burying her face into the cushion? How strange. For Yukino to be keeping her smartphone close at home was already strange in the first place. And Haruno would never miss a chance to make fun of her strange behaviour. For her to ignore Yukino’s strange behaviour is unthinkable.

2 A famous photographer who often does cat series and exhibits.

The more I think about it, the deeper my doubts became. As I climbed the stairs to the second floor where the bedroom is, my imagination gradually began to work.

The moment I arrived in the bedroom, an answer came to mind.

......There’s no way, I thought. As I am about to speak, my wife, who was hanging my coat in the closet, spoke first.

[271] “By the way, the girls have something to talk about with you......”

At that moment, I had a bad feeling. With how Yukino was acting, there was definitely something new to talk about. So the content would naturally be about that.

“......I’ll go as soon as I finish changing.”

Hiding my trembling voice, I tried to dress up calmly. My wife, having seen through my cheap trick, broke into a small chuckle.





“Okay. Well then, I will prepare some tea.”

After making sure that she had left the bedroom, I began to put on my change of clothes slowly. I never thought the clothes I’ve been wearing all this time could be so heavy.



********************************************************************************

After spending plenty of time slowly changing clothes in my room, I slowly went down the stairs, dragging each step.

It seems unlikely that you would be able to think straight without taking your time.

[272] It has been a while since I heard from my daughters. Of course, with how lovely they grew up to be, it is inevitable for them to receive much attention from the opposite sex. But, my wise daughters are mature enough to treat themselves well.

Above all, their childhood friend is Hayato-kun from the Hayama family. If you look closely at him, he has been popular ever since he was young, regardless of age and sex, and well received by the adults around him. He is no match for any normal boy. They would look pathetic compared to him.

No, wait? There’s a possibility this is about Hayato-kun.

Our family has been in a relationship with the Hayama family ever since my predecessor. My wife and I also have a good relationship with Hayato-kun. When it comes to who my daughters are to be going out with, his name will be on top of the list of candidates. As a father, as vexing as it is, if he is to be in a relationship with my daughter, there’s nothing for me to worry about. Nothing.

In short, I don’t really want to hear that kind of talk. However, if my daughters want to talk with me, there’s no way for me to refuse them. Being an immature and doting father, I want to fulfill my daughters’ wishes as much as possible.

As my mood gradually diminished, my footsteps became quieter as well. Even turning the doorknob to the living room did not raise any noise.

With a heavy mood, the living room door is opened. The aroma of black tea wafts softly. It’s a bit late for a high tea, but my wife and daughters are enjoying their tea.

[273] “We already attended dinner together, wasn’t it supposed to be Dad’s turn next?”

“Hate it. ......I mean, the other party 3 would absolutely hate it“

Sinking into the leather sofa, Haruno was tossing some tea cakes into her mouth while expressing her dissatisfaction. On the other hand, Yukino picked up her teacup and drank some black tea.

“It’s that kind of thing. Even Dad would probably not be fine with it at first. But, that is a good place to start......”

3 To maintain the vagueness of the conversation from Yukidad’s perspective.

Before continuing her words, my wife noticed me standing by the door like a ghost. She stopped the conversation and began to pour my cup of black tea.

Noticing her action, Haruno and Yukino turned towards me.

“Ah, welcome back.”

“Welcome home.”

Haruno was feeling awkward, while Yukino’s discomfort was apparent in her voice. It has been a long time, so being able to see all my family members together again made me feel relieved.

“......I’m home.”

My wife placed the teacup into my hand as I sat down on the sofa. The supple, well-worn leather makes for a comfortable seating experience, perhaps due to it being part of the family for so long. Tough and unyielding at first, after a long time with proper care, it became a comforting familiarity. Soft and slippery, it made me feel glad for constantly giving the sofa a good polish during the nights.

[274] With me being seated, Haruno finishes her teacakes and drinks some black tea. The previous conversation continues.

“Well, I know the other party would hate it, but it won’t take much time. Also, isn’t it too early to make it an established fact? It’s not like that kid would run away.”

I almost slipped down from the sofa upon hearing those words. Way too soft and slippery.

Perhaps I’ve been overdoing it with all the sofa polishing in the nights...... On the other hand, thanks to that, it hid the fact of me being startled upon learning about “that kid” and “an established fact”. I’m glad that I polished the sofa until it shines every night......

Returning to my senses, I readjusted my seating. My wife placed her finger by her lips and started to give it her thought.

“It depends on the kind of established fact. It’s probably better learn a bit more about each other. A proper investigation is also necessary in order to secure the potential prospect, or else......”

“If you put it that way, someone would take him away. Isn’t that right?”

Haruno gives out a teasing smile to Yukino, and Yukino replied with a tightly-pursed lips and a sharp gaze. However, it was my wife who gave the sharpest glance.

[275] “......We cannot ignore that possibility. Especially with al those potentially troublesome girls around.”

“Ah, those two, is it......”

“I, I don’t know......”

Haruno suddenly turns her face away to Yukino. Oh, it’s been so long since I saw her acting like that. Both my daughters are cute, but them being together makes it even cuter. My wife? She is as cute as always.

Unfortunately, thanks to their cute reactions, my unpleasant premonition has now turned into a terrifying reality.

[276] Since I’m in this position, I have no choice but to make a decision.

“......Speaking of which, from what your mother has told me, what is it that you want to talk about?”

In order to keep my dignity as a parent, I dandily lowered my teacup to break the silence engulfing the living room.

......Or that’s how it was supposed to be. Instead, a strange sound of teacup endlessly clattering against a saucer filled the silence.

Ah, I hate this...... I don’t want to hear about it......

Unable to get a good look at Yukino’s face, I ended up staring into my cup of tea.

Then suddenly, someone cleared her throat.

Immediately raising my face to meet hers, it was Haruno who broke the silence instead.

“I wil be returning and staying here again for a while.”

Seeing Haruno looking cheerful, I broke my silence.

“Could it be you’re tired of living alone?”

What the......, so they want to discuss about Haruno? I’m so glad and relieved to hear about that. Hearing my upbeat question, however, Haruno groaned as if thinking of something.

“It’s not like that, but there is something I want to do.”

When I glanced at my wife, she was gracefully pouring tea into the cups. From my perspective, she probably understood the reasons for Haruno to return home.

[277] If that’s the case, there was no need for me to say anything. Rather, consider that Haruno wil be staying here. With her penchant of breaking curfew, instead of the possibility of staying the night without permission with someone, I would enthusiastically welcome her home instead.

“I don’t know what are you planning to do...... well, do whatever you like.”

“Mhmm, I will. I want to prepare for studying abroad.”

Without thinking, I snorted some tea.

“Stu-studying abroad?!”

Black tea was dripping down my chin, some even spilled onto the low table. Yukino silently handed over a box of tissue. Haruno pulled 2, 3 sheets of tissues and cleaned it up swiftly. After cleaning up and disposing all the used tissues, I turned to her.

“Didn’t I tell you before?”

“I’ve never heard of it......”

I turned to my wife. She was completely unfazed, and was drinking tea in an peaceful manner.

“I opposed it.”

[278] She whispered without exchanging glances. I get the feeling that she’s entrusting me to deliver her judgement.

There must have been multiple discussions about this matter between my wife and Haruno prior to this. In the end, the final decision was left for me to deliver.

Hmm...... Up until now, my wife’s opinion was absolute. Even if she didn’t like it, Haruno would find a good compromise and went along with it. But now, it seems that my wife is starting to give Haruno’s opinion some consideration.

Well, Haruno is already 20 years old. It’s probably time to have a dialogue instead of just imposing instructions on her.

However, not matter what, a daughter is a daughter. A father is a father. That wil never change. It is the universal truth.

Okay, Papa is in a sticky situation. That’s because I’m the type of father that wants his daughter to be close at home.

I tried to provide a little resistance.

“If you’re planning to study abroad, you could have done that a while ago. Why now all of a sudden?”

My daughters were studying abroad for some time. Upon returning, a high school with international liberal arts curriculum was chosen for them. So there’s no real necessity for language purposes. Let’s just stay home...... And as I gave more thought into it, Haruno smiled and replied.

[279] “That may be true, but I want to go for a long time to study more specialized subjects, hopefully for a year.”

The way Haruno explained her decision and stood her ground was similar to her mother.

When she put it that way, I can’t help but bitterly nod.

“...... I, I see. Mhmm...... Wait, about the money......”

To create a solid environment that would allow for total concentration to studies would take millions of yen. That amount is not something that can be procured immediately.

You see, there’s nothing I can’t do for my daughter in terms of financial aspect, but emotionally, this was tough for me. For a year? Overseas? Of course I will be worried. And this is Haruno we are talking about, there will definitely be troubles ahead.

Haruno is the type that makes flashy things looks easy and easy to understand. On the other hand, Yukino often pushes herself out of her comfort zone before realizing she has bitten more than she could chew. In other words, both are prone to get into troubles. My wife? Far from being troubled, she is the one causing the trauma.

Seeing that I was mumbling and reluctant to say anything more, Haruno broke the silence.

“Can't we just sell the apartment?”

[280] “It is your personal belonging anyway.”

“However, it is registered under my name.”

My wife quickly shot a look of “You didn’t forget it, right?” with a smile on her face. Of course, that was what we discussed and decided on when we made that purchase. Noticing an opening, Haruno pushed for her leverage.

“But isn’t that going to be mine anyway?”

“W-well, that may be the case, but......”

That might be a bit too imposing, but it can’t be denied. There is a possibility she will inherit the unit. However, you are not my only child ......

And so, while entertaining my bitter thoughts, another heir cautiously raises her hand.

“Since Nee-san is returning home, I would like to live there......”

After judging the atmosphere, Yukino finally opened her mouth. Haruno looked surprised.

“Eh, is that so?”

I’m sure I had the same look on me as well. Eh, is that so? Why? Please just stay here, together with me. Didn’t you just returned home as well......

I swallowed all my words before they escaped, and kept my dignity as a father.

“Yukino, is that what you want to talk about?”

[281] My wife did say “The girls have something to talk about.” So there must be something that Yukino wanted to talk about as well.

“Y-yes, w-well, there’s that. However, that’s not all of it......”

However, her reply was rather stiff.

As a child, Yukino never minced her words and would always speak out. Looking at her reaction now, she sounded rather timid.





While staring at the floor, her mouth shook a little as if to say something, but the words never came out. After concluding her thoughts, she peeked up and whispered.

“...... I can’t?”

OF COURSE! OF COURSE YOU CAN! Whatever you wish for, I will grant them! Again, I swallowed the words that was about to be shouted out loud, keeping a straight face in the process.

“Well, there’s no plan for anyone to use it as of now......”

As I said that, I sneaked a peek of my wife’s expression and found no objection. And so, that would be my decision on this matter.

“...... Do as you wish.”

At the last minute, I nodded, preserving my dignity as a father. Upon hearing that, Yukino’s face lit up.

[282] “Thank you”

Being able to see that smile, one apartment unit won’t matter. It could definitely fetch a good price in the property market, but Yukino’s smile is far more valuable. A daughter’s smile: Priceless. 4

4 Mastercard ads’ tagline.

In fact, it’s painful to see Yukino begging for something. Whenever she has a request from me or my wife, she would always make a simple and logical presentation. That is why, being asked for something without any apparent reason like this made me weak.

While Yukino and Haruno have different methodologies, both are super effective when asking me for something they wish for. Perhaps it’s because for the sake of my cute daughters. My wife? Of course I think she is cute as well. After all, she's always told me after the fact like “I bought an apartment unit”, “I changed the legal name”, and “I had it changed to US Treasury so it can be deposited regularly”. As cute as that may be, that made her 100 times scarier.

Even though she has just returned to our family home, why does she need to get away again so soon? Upon realising the impending loneliness, my shoulders slackened. Almost simultaneously, Haruno turned towards Yukino.

“Yukino-chan, is it really that necessary for you stay there again?”

I nod in agreement with Haruno’s words. Was it really that necessary for you stay there again? No, right? Why not just stay here with me? I wish I could say these words to her......

[283] “It’s more convenient for me to attend school from there. That’s why I decided to stay there in the first place......”

While that may be what she said, the real reason was slightly different.

After all, it was decided for her to live in the apartment after she entered high school. It was for the sake of convenience at first, not just simply for living alone. The cause and effect of her argument is the other way round.

The biggest reason Yukino lived alone was a traffic accident near her school entrance.

Fortunately, Yukino is unhurt, but it did affect her psychologically. With me and my wife preoccupied with making amends to the victim, I suggested for her to be kept away from getting further involved.

Yukino was a little nervous at that time, and that was another reason to keep her away from Haruno, as they were not on a good terms with one another.

I had a strong conviction that Yukino is a delicate child.

Of course, that doesn’t mean Haruno is not delicate. She is delicate as well, but in her unique way. Haruno is like a delicate glass-work. Such fragility that would hurt others instead should it breaks.

My wife? Of course my wife is delicate too. To put it in a way, she is like a hazardous material that would kill you upon contact. Therefore, dealing with her requires the utmost delicacy (possibly with a qualification for handling hazardous materials).

[284] Due to their contrasting natures, they could hurt one another with ease, therein lies the problem.

The Haruno today is overly clingy to Yukino, hugging and teasing her with a Cheshire cat smile.

“I don’t think the reason is the distance from home, right? Is that truly your only reason?”

“There’s no other reason. It is closer to the school. Those who regularly skip classes won’t get it.”

Haruno, who had been leaning into Yukino, was pushed back.

My wife, who has been calmly enjoying her tea all this time, stopped drinking as the words caught her notice.

“Haruno...... are you not attending your classes?”

Gently lowering her cup, she muttered in a chilling voice. Her thin smile remained, which makes it even scarier. This is bad for Haruno, I thought. I quietly drank my black tea to back out from the situation, but ended up choking from the tea instead.

“I still haven’t dropped any credits, so whatever.”

Seizing the opportunity, Yukino smiled as well and replied.

“Eh? If it were to happen to me, I’d still have to spend some time for classes. For it to be totally abandoned yet still make it through, as expected of my sister.

[285] “T-there won’t be any issue about moving up a year!”

Haruno quickly retorted, citing her excuse to me and my wife. If she has no problem with moving up a year, by working that statement backwards, then that meant she barely had the minimum amount of credits......

Well, Haruno is a smart girl, so I’m not really worried about her studies. That may be my opinion, but my wife seems to think otherwise. “Haruno......”, she gently called.

“Please think about the cost per session for your business university studies.”

My wife heaved a big sigh, putting her finger on her temple as if to massage a headache.

Then, she gazed over Haruno with cold eyes.

Haruno gulped her words, while Yukino was laughing softly besides her. Noticing that she was under attack from both sides, Haruno looked at me with pouted lips as if calling for support.

Regrettably, I am powerless in this situation.

I have been told the same thing a long time ago.

I was returning home after staying at a mahjong parlour since midday, with the smell of cigarette smoke sticking all over me. She had the same look as she has now, thin smile and icy gaze, which I totally deserved.

As I recalled that scene, I remembered the smell of cigarettes that I had quit for 20 years. Back then, cigarettes cost just half of what it is today, so I used to go through one box a day. But I stopped the habit once Haruno was born.

[286] “......Well, don’t get too carried away with missing classes.”

My wife reprimanded me with her thin smile and icy gaze. Still, it was warmer than than the ones I received as an apprentice 20 years ago.

It was a moderate remark from me, but Haruno was sulking, pouting her lips, and turning away from me. Seating beside her, Yukino triumphantly brushed her hair.

It’s been a while since I've seen Yukino triumph over Haruno.

But, this was just a trivial scratch.

Haruno seemed to be remembering something, then closed her lips and smiled.

That wicked smile inherited from her mother is mesmerizing, if one can ignore the forceful aura emanating from it. As her mother matured, she hid them with the spread of her fan and maintained her poker-face. Meanwhile, Haruno is still trying to use it as an intimidation.

Yukino, who has a naturally intimidating smile, rose up to the challenge. Perhaps Haruno was being kind, allowing Yukino to somewhat prepare for the strike.

[287] When it comes down to it, my daughters are kind. My wife? My wife is kind too. There is no particular reason for this, and I cannot come up with any specific examples. But they are definitely kind. No, really. Trust me.

“Ah, I see......”

Haruno grinned and leaned onto Yukino next to her, twirling a strand of Yukino’s long black hair around her finger. She then caressed Yukino’s cheek with her fingertips.

“Ah, I can’t easily call for that person to our family home. Staying the night is out of the question as well. That’s why I want to live alone again.”

“Wha-“

At that moment, Yukino jumped and froze in her seat. In my case, I was completely petrified.

Eh, wait wait wait! It can’t be! This is bad! Daddy can’t allow this! Please tell me his name, address, and phone number. Also, prepare a straw doll and five nails. 5 Once prepared, I will deliver a direct attack with a hammer!

That was what I wish to painfully express. However, the shock was just too substantial, so much so that I ended up just gasping like a goldfish.

Yukino and I were drinking at the same time, before simultaneously choking on our tea.

Yukino even ended up spilling her tea, just like I did earlier.

5 Gosunkugi from Ranma 1/2 would hammer nails into a straw dol tied with Ranma’s hair to curse him.

[288] “Y-yes, that’s right. It is certainly difficult for Yuigahama-san to come and stay for the night. In fact, I sometime stay at her place as well. However, that is not the reason. As I was saying before, staying there is purely due to the convenience for my school commute.”

After the lengthy explanation, Yukino finally dropped her stiff shoulders and put her empty cup on the saucer. My wife calmly refilled her cup after the spill.

Yukino is way too straight-laced, so she’s absolutely hopeless at covering things up......

Still, it is my duty as a parent to feign ignorance towards that fact.

It is impudent to check on each and everyone of my daughters’ friends. Based on her comments, this Yuigahama-san seems to be a close female friend, to the point of staying over at each other’s place. Yukino’s network of friends is surprisingly small, so if she has such a compassionate friend, I should be rejoicing.

While I managed to soothe myself, Haruno was in a fit of laughter. Hugging Yukino, she whispered to Yukino, a whisper that somehow reached my ears.

“No no, I’m not talking about Gahama-chan.”

“Nee-san, shut it. Please shut up.”

[289] Yukino moved her face away, and used her hands to push Haruno’s lips and force them shut. With both her cheeks being squeezed, Haruno looked like a cute dog.

It has been a long while since I saw both sisters being this playful with each other. While I am deeply moved by this blissful sight, my wife has had enough of this scandalous revelation and spoke out:

“Stop it, both of you.”

Upon hearing her gentle voice, Yukino reluctantly placed her hands down, and Haruno released Yukino from her hug.

With them finally ready to listen properly, my wife stared at Yukino.

“That’s very much a concern, along with everything else. You need to lay down some rules“

Her voice started to change from a gentle, pampering tone to a persuasive one.

“...... Those sort of things, he’d be put off by it.”

Yukino bit her lips lightly, before continuing in a hesitant manner. Such timidness reminded me of her during her early years of childhood.

“Besides, if he thinks it's troublesome or unbearable, ...... I’d be troubled by that.”

As she said that, Yukino’s damp eyes were full of embarrassment and fear, as well as other conflicting thoughts.

To make my daughter end up like this...... I don’t care where or who he is, I’ll kill that bastard! 6

6 Yukidad slipped from his formal speech pattern into rude, yankee-like speech pattern from his past.

[290] As my hand was squeezed into a tight fist on my lap, it was suddenly slapped by a fan.

Looking next to me, my wife was shaking her head.

That was close. My buried past almost came out. As a result of reflecting on my past, I swore to lay down for good and be a respectable father and husband.

As a father, how should you connect with your daughter when she’s looking so vulnerable?

While I was thinking about it, Haruno made her move.

“It’l be fine, right? Since this is that boy we’re talking about, he already knows this much anyway. Also, Yukino-chan is already a troublesome person in the first place.”

Upon being comforted by Haruno, Yukino turned away. Blushing madly, she complained to Haruno.

“I don’t want to be told that by you. Nee-san is a troublesome person too......”

Totally. Making fun of one another, and then somehow comforting one another as well. What a distorted expression of love. You sisters truly are alike. With a smile in her eyes, Haruno playfully poked Yukino’s cheek.

“You are more serious than that boy. And he’s the kind of person who starts digging an inner moat in the area behind the outer moat. Even if he’s invited, won’t he probably try to dodge it with various excuses?”

[291] “......Well, probably, yes.”

Yukino breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, my wife snapped her fan and nodded in satisfaction.

“If that’s the case, there’s no other choice but to crush that entire move.”

The voice of my wife, cheerful and smiling brightly as she may be, sends a raging chill down my spine.

Despite the dangerous words, her eyes were shimmering and glittering.

Recalling the feeling from back then made me feel cold. The feeling of a prey being hunted down that I experienced 20 years ago. In fact, when asked by my wife whether or not he has fallen for the trap, Yukino can only tilt her head in confusion.

Such an extremely personal feeling is not something you would share with anyone.

Suddenly, something just lit up in the mind of Haruno. Immediately, she turned to my wife, who sported a similar smile.

“......I see. So, first, we have to destroy all escape routes for Yukino-chan.”

“Huh? W-wait, Nee-san, what are you up to? I don’t know what you’re planning, but it must be something foolish, so please stop it.”

Yukino immediately turned towards Haruno, her face clouded in anxiety, and grabbed Haruno’s hands. However, Haruno managed to hold off Yukino for the moment, and faced me with a smile.

[292] “Hey Dad, Yukino-chan has someone that she wants you to meet.”

“...... Huh?”

Yukino is stunned and her jaw dropped upon hearing those words. As those words finally sink in, a deep shade of vermilion stained her cheeks.

Up until now, I was not involved in the conversation, so I can just be an observer without touching on the matter. But now, the words are addressed directly to me, so I can’t pretend to ignore them any longer. Correcting my posture, I looked into her eyes.

“Yukino. ...... Is that true?”

“Yes, it’s...... no, not that kind of thing......”

Yukino started to get restless, running her hand to fix her bang, fanning her face, and combing her hair.

“Yukino”

My wife gentle voice snapped her out of it, and Yukino dropped her hands. She looked down to hide her reddened cheeks, before finally took a deep breath and whispered.

“Well...... that is, both he and I are rather not very good at it, this kind of relationship , so it may take a long time. It doesn’t have to be right away......”

[293] She looked away from in embarrassment. For some time, she was lost for words before finally facing me.

There’s nothing I can do other than listen to her silently. It is impossible to interrupt my daughter, as she carefully thinks, before speaking sincerely and seriously about her thoughts.

“Dad, someday...... I would like to introduce him to you.”

Ah, to be told with such a happy smile on your face, there’s no way I can say no to that.

“Mmm...... Ah, I see......”

My nose stings. My exhaled breath was damp and heavy.

I had always thought, the moment I’d been waiting for since the day my daughter was born will come much earlier than I had imagined. And now, it has finally arrived.

I’m speechless. Unable to say anything, I just continue to sigh. It’s too miserable, so I just nodded and said something vague for the time being.

“That’s great. Yes, I understand...... For the time being, let us calm down for a bit, okay? After then, perhaps......”

Yes. Over time, I will gradually get used to this feeling. The feeling of letting one’s daughter go .

That’s why, before that time arrives, I wanted this moment of us together to continue for just a bit more.

After thinking about it, my wife snapped her fan shut and said something out of the blue.

“Ah yes, there is nothing scheduled for mid-June, so let’s hold it at that time.”

“Why are you deciding on things?”

I asked with a quivering voice, my vision blurred by tears. My wife cheerfully smiled and answered.

“If this is not done, dear, you might run away. I have to strike the first move.”

Just like a woman in love, a young girl before her first date, her piercing eyes are dazzling, and just as lovely and adorable as when we first met.

Far from pure innocence, that seductive smile is like that of a sneaky little devil. And it stil ensnares me after al these 20 years.

As I was stunned by the sudden declaration, Haruno whispered to Yukino.

“Yukino-chan, this is how it’s supposed to be done.”

“I wil keep that in mind......”

After taking a long look of Yukino’s face, who was nodding continuously, I secretly felt sympathy for the boy which I haven’t met.

Eventually, he too will be chased down, cornered, and have his hands and legs tied to his back.

And he can’t say anything about it.

And now, the three goddesses of the Yukinoshita family are having a close discussion. It felt awkward to be hanging around while they discussed about the impending introduction meeting.

[295] “But that boy, he won’t come even if you invite him casually.”

“If only there is a good opportunity......”

Haruno poured some wine into the crystal glass, while Yukino placed her finger on her lips as they pondered on the matter. Based on the wrinkles between their brows, this seems to be a daunting task, but my wife snapped her fan open and deliver the answer.

“An opportunity...... I see. If it’s something like that prom event, me and Dad can get involved naturally.”

“Yes. If I say it’s about a job, that person would go along with it most of the time.”

Yukino was troubled, yet somewhat proud about that fact. My wife laughed happily with her hand on her cheek.

“Oh, that’s wonderful. He makes for an ideal labor force.”

“Isn’t it better to reconsider the time? This is not just any normal end-of-term test. Since it’s him we’re talking about, he would probably use the exam as an excuse to say something like “It would be better for us to keep our distance for the time being” or other similarly disgusting things.”

Haruno was laughing along, but not Yukino.

“What you just said is so true, it’s frightening......”

“Because it’s similar to what Yukino-chan would say as well.”

[296] Haruno, who flirts with laughter, and Yukino, who is openly obnoxious. Looking at them, my wife wore a gentle smile.

“That may be true. That boy, how are his grades? Did you hear anything about which exam he decided upon?”

“Y-yes. I heard it’s probably the same as mine......”

Yukino replied to my wife, and Haruno happily leaned on her while tilting the crystal glass.

“A different university...... a new encounter...... and an accidental reunion. What a tough future.”

“Nee-san, shut it.”

Seeing that the two started to quarrel again, I quietly left the living room.

Listening to all that girl talk was bad for my heart. Needless to say, my wife is still young enough to be a considered a girl.

Looking at the clock on the wall on the way out, it was still too early for late night. The stores were still open for business.

It has been a while since the last time I felt like having a good drink alone.

Unlike when I got out of the bedroom, I got upstairs with a slightly lighter spring in my steps.

A quick change of clothes and then it’s time to go to my favourite bar.

I took the coat, which was a gift from my wife, out of the closet and swiftly put it on.

Barefooted, I sneakily left the entrance with my nimble feet. Although, they would definitely be staggering when I return.

Without making any noise, I closed the door, walked down the cobblestone path carefully so as not to step on the gravel.

Outside the gate, a cherry blossom snowstorm scattered under the moonlight.

When a man leaves the house, he is surrounded by seven enemies.

My enemy, who is trying to take away my beloved daughter from her father.

My sworn enemy, who will stand together against the goddesses.

Somehow today, my enemies have increased by yet another person.
