Since every group have a set of their own rules, one has to carefully observe
these signals, go along the flow, and get used to these rules. Or you'll end up
like me, one who failed to adjust to these rules, kindergarden primary school
secondary school high school cram school workplace, getting isolated in all
these places. Ah, I'm truly the Eternal Seven Loner [5] , oh hey I'll most
probably get an eight consecutive champion in college too, yay!
Life is truly a big game of shogi.
(Ref 5: "Eternal Seven Loner" in Japanese is a pun that sounds similar to
Habu Yoshiharu)
Thanks to being constantly judged over my ability to read the atmosphere,
even if I can't read it, I'm still aware of its importance.
Which is why I can't say much about the school's judgement. One can label
such an act with 'bureaucratic collusion', but if I'm put in the same position as
the school's authorities, I'll probably make the exact same decision. It's just
too much of a pain to fight against the atmosphere.
"So that's how it is huh......"
I said this with a convinced yet dejected voice, as I unconsciously looked
towards the ceiling above. Is it because I'm showing a defeated face?
Hiratsuka sensei pushed the can of coffee that I had yet to take a single sip
closer to me, I nodded gently to express my gratitude.
I started reorganizing my thoughts while pulling the can opener.
For now, it seems impossible to overturn the school's decision.
A problem wouldn't exist as long as we don't view it as one. But when the
existence of a problem is established, its also a wiser choice to not try
smashing a rock using an egg if we're trying to solve the problem efficiently.
Its clear that, the prom is currently facing a life or death situation.

21


For the time being, only the student council, a small group of parents, and the
school is aware of the self restrain order. If the news starts to spread among
the students and the rest of the parents, the opposition will gain more
momentum as more individuals join in the mob.
Staying out of this will only make the situation harder, but there are no
effective methods to solve it either.
"Isn't this already a checkmate..."
I followed up this statement with a weak laugh.
At this moment, my eyes fell in line with Hiratsuka sensei's. Her eyes are
giving off a slightly warm sensation, as if she has been silently waiting for
my reaction, benching her elbows onto her knees, uncrossing her fingers: "As
expected, you still want to make the prom a reality." she said in a speed
slower than usual.
Remembering of her question during the phone call, suddenly I'm at a loss of
words.
Hiratsuka sensei's tone sounded really soft, with no intention to reprimand me
at all. However I still can't bring up a proper answer, as I still had second
thoughts on whether it is right to be further involved with the graduation
prom. That reckless remark I made during the phone call made me felt a little
ashamed too. But what has been said has been said, and it pointless to try and
deny that.
Thus, I nodded my head once as if its simply responding to gravity, it
probably looked more like I'm feeling down.
"I don't know if this is correct......"
Words without a proper direction wriggled out of my indecisive mouth. That
one term that flashed through my mind made it sounded even weaker.
'Codependency'.
Yukinoshita Haruno's definition towards our relationship, felt completely
22


true, and I can't find any solid proof to defend against that statement.
My voice slowly fades out, and my eyesight slowly moves down.
As I blankly stared at the aged cracks on the floor, Hiratsuka switched up the
position of her crossing legs.
"Well yes, Yukinoshita doesn't want you to interfere after all."
As I looked up at Hiratsuka sensei, her eyes are filled with complete
seriousness.
I recalled that moment where Yukinoshita told me not to get further involved.
Hiratsuka sensei was there too when she is doing that monologue. Which is
why Hiratsuka is telling me this. Now that I think of it, Yukinoshita also
didn't want me to know that the prom was going to be cancelled. I have an
idea of what she's thinking, but perhaps Hiratsuka sensei knows more on the
reason that Yukinoshita is hiding it from me.
Being unsure of whether I'm able to be involved without getting noticed, I
reacted towards the question with a light smile.
The tight sensation on my rarely used facial muscles tells me that, I'm
probably making a really bitter smile.
To be honest, there's no doubt that things will only get more and more
troublesome, just imagining all the directionless talk I'll have with her is
making me feel depressed, and what ever conclusion that awaits us won't be
anything good either. Even so, what has been decided has been decided, that I
can't leave this situation alone. Thus I continued to smile.
Looking at this fake smile I'm holding up, Hiratsuka's eyes slowly became
gentle, a slight curve showed up on her lips.
"......Its your move, then."
"Well yeah, its not my first day not being expected of anything."
Like I've always had, making unnecessary actions, the bad habit that I can't
23


seem to get rid of immediately.
Hearing that, Hiratsuka sensei blinked a few times as if she's in shock, and
then started to laugh uncontrollably while covering her mouth.
She's laughing a little too delightfully, that I had to raise my eyebrows as a
protest, Hiratsuka then made a soft cough to hold in her smile.
"Ahaha, sorry...I just felt very happy, you know."
She expression then turned slightly worried.
"But Yukinoshita is trying really hard to change something. I'm personally
rooting for her so...I can't say that helping her without proper thought is a
good idea. As it might turn up to be an obstruction to her growth. Especially
when there's too much to think of like where we're at now."
Her eyesight slowly turns towards me, her expression where she's struggling
to tell me something speaks for her concern towards Yukinoshita.
Hachiman: "You know, whatever codependency is......doesn't it sound like an
overstatement? More accurately, it feels like a misunderstanding more than
anything."
"Well, yes...while I don't believe that its codependency, but what's more
important is what viewpoint you decide to take. If your feelings are biased
towards it, then no words will clear that up for you."
"......Yes."
I have experienced such stubbornness, more accurately, I once clinged on to
such stubbornness.
No matter how I console myself, its still not easy to give up this life that is as
entangled and blurred like a cotton candy, thousands of carefully fabricated
words aren't enough to cover up this monster of self conscious within me.
Which is why now, that monster of self consciousness still lurks within me,
staring from behind.

24


This made me realize that, one can't simply brush off how they view
themselves. I believe that its that same for Yukinoshita. Codependency, no
matter if it is the truth or not, at least Yukinoshita has bounded herself to
believe in such an idea. No matter how hard we try to deny it, she probably
won't believe in us.
"Haruno isn't completely wrong either. For Yukinoshita, this is an important
trial that she has to overcome."
"A trial huh..."
I repeated this term that I rarely hear of, which Hiratsuka nodded in
confirmation.
"Well, you can say that this is a ceremony too."
She then lit up another cigarette. Took a deeper breath from it, and exhaled
out a slow thread of smoke.
"Do you find it ridiculous?"
"No, not really......" I replied while shaking my head: "this situation does
seems to happen sometimes."
"Well yes, things like this happens all the time. From getting the results for
your music or manga entry, to competing in a sports event, participating the
auditions of a singing contest, taking an exam or starting your career, even
getting......that before your thirties is no different. There will always be that
one period where you'll have to face yourself honestly."
Her view that lands somewhere far outside the window, and her bittersweet
tone made it sound like that she is reminiscing her own past.
"Has this ever occurred to...you before?"
"Yes, of course."
She answered me with a gentle smile, Hiratsuka sensei took another sip of the
cigarette. As she released a short puff of smoke, her iris dilated as if some of
25


the smoke has diffused deep into her lungs.
"There were a lot of things that I wanted to do in the past. There are also a lot
of things that I can't do, and things I didn't wanted to do. A series of making
choices, attempting, failing, giving up, and making a new choice, a cycle of
events that never stops...even till now."
Her words swayed lonely in the air along the swaying smoke.
I have no idea what kind of past has she experienced to speak of such things,
but they're a proof that the Hiratsuka sensei, this refined woman sitting in
front of me, is a product of the numerous attempts and challenges she has
faced.
We have always sought for definitive proof that we can survive by ourselves,
by gaining confidence, by building results. There won't be anyone who is
willing to guarantee that for us, even if there's a guarantee, it will only be
meaningless if we refuse to believe in these guarantees. Which is why we
have such desires to prove ourselves.
'Is it really correct to interfere with Yukinoshita's decision and resolve.' I
recalled this question that Yukinoshita Haruno asked me not long ago.
To choose, to challenge, to win or lose, these are something that she alone
has to face. Will she allow anyone else to be involved in it? What identity
and relationship I must have with her to be able to intervene? I have yet to
find any answers.
Hiratsuka tapped on the cigarette a few times to clean off the tobacco ash,
and stared at me behind a veil of white smoke.
"Let me ask you this one more time, how do you plan to talk to her, really?"
She asked about a major issue that I'm hesitating with.
She is certainly looking for my confirmation for one last time.
I started to think carefully about what to say next, as I can't continue to make
any more lies at this moment.
26


"......I don't think that there is an option to not communicate with her."
My answer during the phone call has not changed.
And I won't repeat it for a second time, my thoughts and determination are
not frivolous.
There's no need for consideration either, I have already made a choice, and
the conclusion has always been there.
Yukinoshita's will has nothing to do with how I should act.
As it has always been, I do not know any other methods available, the option
I can take has only been that one single option. Attempting any other
approach has never gone well for me. The more I try to avoid making
mistakes the further I stray away from the right path.
Which is why, I'll use the only method that I have.
In reply to Hiratsuka's serious, intimidating glance, I looked back at her with
my dead, rotten eyes, refusing to avert my line of view.
Hiratsuka sensei then made a satisfied smile.
"I see."
She gently smiled with her eyes closed. The way she nodded in approval
made me unsure of how to react.
As I felt the pressure slowly turning into a gentle sensation, I ended up
loosening my mind to the point of saying unnnecessary things:
"Wait, 'I see'? That's it? "
"Yes, that shall suffice. I have faith in you Hikigaya."
Said Hiratsuka sensei without any hesitation.

27


"Uhm, thanks."
To hear her say this in such a direct way that felt like she's stating a simple
fact, I can't even find myself to feel shy about it. I thanked her in a low voice
as I nodded down in order to hide my heating cheeks.
But it seems that I didn't hide it properly, as I heard her giggling.
"Listen up Hikigaya, just helping out the prom won't be enough to help her.
You'll have to take proper measures in what methods you use. You already
knew this, didn't you."
I nodded.
She definitely won't accept my offer to help if I don't think of the appropriate
words to use.
Just making the prom happen won't be enough either. To present
Yukinoshita's ability as an individual, to help her become independent is
something that needs to be worked on too.
Like the old saying of how teaching someone to fish is better than giving
them fish. Its better for Yukinoshita to save herself, but I have yet to find a
way to achieve all of these objectives.
It took me a while to realize that I've been scratching my head the whole
time.
"Its definitely harder than it seemed to be......"
"Yes, its hard alright......especially for your kind of situation."
Hiratsuka took another mouthful of cigarette smoke, and blew out streams of
smoke from both edges of her mouth.
"I know right, our relationship only started because one of us needed help
from others. And now our wills seem to be clashing with their polar
opposites."

28


I then crossed my fingers to form an X shape.
Hiratsuka shrugged speechlessly and asked: "Really now. How do you think
you guys managed to pull it through before this?"
"How did we made it through, huh....."
I actually had no idea, all I can remember is me doing things that hardly
mattered in the end.
Looking at my confused expression, Hiratsuka sensei clutched her fists,
walked towards me and started doing air punches. P...please don't do that,
she's gonna punch me really hard and then treat me very nicely, make me fall
for her from the treatment contrast, the perfect script to create a masochist, oh
god......
She made a victorious smile upon seeing my frightened face.
"When the ideals of two heroes of justice start to clash, neither of them will
surrender without a fight."
Her dialogue made me feel nostalgic, even if I have forgotten when was the
first time I heard of it.
"Oh......this brings back memories."
"I know right?"
Hiratsuka sensei replied in a joking tone.
But her smile only lasted for an instant.
The sides of her mouth are still curving up, but her lonesome eyes started
looking into the realm of nothingness.
"This really...brings back a lot of memories..."
This dialogue that seemed to come out without her realizing it, is not meant
for me, but her speaking to herself.

29


While I let Hiratsuka to have her own moment, I turned my neck left and
right to relax my head a bit. Even if we both felt nostalgic, her current
feelings are contextually different from mine, so I kept quiet.
The silence however didn't last long, as Hiratsuka sensei continued speaking:
"Its not the first day you two have different opinions isn't it? But you all
managed to overcome such situations, to have faith in what you have gained
from those past experiences, is my suggestion to you."
"Yeah...I'll try." I replied her with a gentle smile.
She does not wish to be assisted, but I can't avoid communicating with her
either. Which is why a new way of communication has to be sought.
Reviewing my past experiences gave me a vague yet solid answer.
Seeing me nodding in enlightenment, Hiratsuka smiled in satisfaction:
"Now that you came up with a clearer guideline, I think its time to go meet up
with her, Yukinoshita should still be in the student council room right now,
go."
"Yes, I'll be leaving th...wait, one last thing I wanted to ask you."
As I was about to stand up, I remembered of something that I was curious of
since the beginning of the conversation.
"Hmm?"
Hiratsuka sensei tilted her head, and made a childish smile that hardly fits her
current age. My expression I'm having right now seemed more sinister in
comparison:
"So in the end of the day, the prom's organizers only need to perform self
restraint , isn't it?"
"...I was asked with the same question not long ago."
The way Hiratsuka said it tells me that, Yukinoshita and the others have no

30


intent to give up on the graduation prom. In fact , they already came up with
this conclusion right before me.
Hiratsuka sensei closed her eyes, and then let up a deep sigh as if she gave up
struggling. Took another mouthful of smoke, and then released them as she
looked towards a distant place within the scenery outside.
I know that her actions indicate that she has acquiesced with our ideas. While
I felt grateful to Hiratsuka sensei, it also left me worried about the
consequences.
"But if we continued doing this, wouldn't it put you in a very risky situation?"
If unwanted events occurred during the process, she'll have to take full
responsibility for our mess. I'm not sure what kind of punishment the school
authorities will impose onto her, but she'll definitely end up being judged by
both concerned and unconcerned parties. Lynches that goes with the name of
social justice are pretty common after all.
But Hiratsuka sensei simply shrugged, and said with a playful tone:
"By the time anything happens I won't be around anyways, I don't care about
what happens after I'm gone."
"Ahaha, said it like a typical modern youngster."
"Of course, I am a modern youngster after all."
In protest to my comment. She tapped on the table for a times as she adjusted
her tone to sound like a youngster. Her joke made me start to laugh out of
control.
"Even if things did came down to the worst, I'm only gonna lose my job. Its
no big deal, just do whatever you want."
Hiratsuka continued to joke around, tapping her throat with a handknife.
"Eh......nah I can't just do that...."

31


Don't just bet your career over it. This pressures me so hard, that my lifespan
is shortening like mad girl.
"Don't mind me, its just a joke. My wits are stronger than you thing, if I
really lost my job, I'm just gonna get married, if I find one who's willing to,
that is."
Her fingers slides across her hair, as she starts to laughs ironically.
I can't get myself to laugh over this matter, yet I ended up laughing softly and
said:
"You'll be fine."
"What, you plan to marry me someday?"
Hiratsuka reacted almost instantaneously with a shocked face. Wait what no?
She's too precious for me to own! So someone please, before I change my
mind, please marry her now!
As I was thinking on how to reply her, she stared at me with her big round
eyes like an abandoned labrador. Ah, large canines are just so cute......but
wait, I already have a cat in my house. So I shook my head in embarassment.
"Actually I don't have plans to deal with the situation with chaotic
methods......I think."
I said it without sounding too confident.
We're in a really unfavorable situation. Trying to achieve a mutual agreement
with Yukinoshita is going to be a challenge too.
But even if I'm aware that we haven't obtained the win condition, I still have
to sound optimistic, or else Doraemon can't go back to the future in peace...
I tried to smile as much as possible to cover up my facade. And so, Hiratsuka
stared at me silently.
"......So reliable."

32


Like a person watching a car leaving into the distance, she closed her eyes
slowly, and said it in a gentle voice.
Hearing that made me blush for a moment, without realizing it, I tured my
head away while touching my hair.
I made big words that hardly suits someone of my identity.
Being aware that I should also make sure that my methods won't cause
Hiratsuka sensei to be affected to its consequences, the difficulty of the
situation seemed to has increase a little more than the hard mode it already is.
Even so, this made me sense a glimpse of light within the situation.
If the process is handled properly, there won't be any situation where
Hiratsuka sensei will have to take responsibility for us. Well yeah, probably,
it better be.
Sigh, but then again I should really prepare myself to explain to my parents,
on why would I marry a woman who's about ten years older than me.
Anyway, now that my course of action has been decided. Since there's
nothing more for us to speak of. The both of us remained silent.
Within the few seconds of silence, I swallowed down the rest of the sweet
coffee, and stood up getting ready to leave. Picked up my school bag and coat
that was put aside, leaving everything else in the room.
"I'm going."
"Umu."
I made a short goodbye, which she replied with a nod.
Our chat has now come to an end, on the timing that I think is most
appropriate.
But just as I was about to walk out of the room, I heard her voice coming
from behind:

33


"Hikigaya."
I did not look back, but I don't plan on ignoring her call either, so I halted.
"I'm sorry......that I can't bring myself to say it."
I'm unable to see Hiratsuka sensei's expression at this moment, yet its not
hard to imagine the way she's looking onto the floor sadly, because its the
same expression I'm having right now.
As I tried to say something, the bitterness of the coffee that should've been
completely swallowed rose back up, and my throat is blocked by the strong
scent of condensed milk.
I reacted by forcing the coffee back into my stomach, along with the words
that I wanted to say.
"Cough....no, you don't have to apologize."
Turned my head over my shoulders, and with the properly prepared smiling
face, I continued saying:
"There's nothing that we can do about, that's just how jobs work. I understand
that your position doesn't allow you to talk about it. And its not like your
transfer has been decided yet right?"
I tried to say it in the most fluent and natural way possible. But Hikagaya
Hachiman was never a bright cheerful person to begin with, which made it
sound blank and insincere instead.
Hiratsuka sensei acted as if she isn't bothered by it, and continued to say
while looking down.
"Well yeah, the official dismissal letter haven't been given yet."
To not speak about things that haven't been officially announced. This is a
rule that comes along with the job position.
But deep down, we're both aware that this is merely an excuse. Yet this is an

34


actual existing rule that must not be broken.
Which is why we decided to accept and compromise. No malicious or
virtuous will exists behind her decision, she is simply complying with the
rules. Because we're aware of such a rule, there is nothing that we can do
about it, except for accepting it with a smile.
"But its gonna be really embarrassing if I don't have to leave in the end.
Ahahaha...."
Said Hiratsuka sensei as she followed with a laugh while stroking her hair.
"Isn't that so? Hahaha..."
I laughed too, and I started to feel a little more relaxed.
But that couldn't make the emptiness to leave me.
I am well aware of it.
Making jokes won't change anything, in fact the act of joking itself will
eventually turn stale, and verbal conversation can only serve to disguise
ourselves.
But all things will come to an end eventually.
Our conversation has came to an end too.
"I'm going, then."
"Yes, do your best."
I took a slight bow, as I walked out of the room, the flickering sounds of a
flame being lit up could be heard from behind.
Along with a short sigh.
Hiratsuka sensei will be working in the staff room for another while, I guess.

35


I then closed the door to the staff room.

36


Chapter 2: Insistingly, Isshiki Iroha
Has Something to Confirm
The windows aside were dyed with the colors of the sunset.
A dark blue presence slowly stretched itself from the other side of the sky,
the flickering road lamps illuminates the path for the leaving students.
Even though the length of daylight has slightly extended, night still seems to
have fallen rather early. The total silence from the soccer field where most
sports club operate on tells me that the school gates will soon close.
The time spent in the staff room wasn't too long, but enough to change the
scenery within the campus. As if we have lost our sense of time within that
small isolated space.
Within that tiny gap of time where I looked away from the windows, things
continued to change.
Even by now, as I walk on this short path that leads me from staff room to the
student council room, new circumstances might have arose without me
realizing it.
Being aware of the changes that could happen in any minute, I made haste on
my footsteps.
This passageway with no presence of anyone other than myself, is filled up
by the sunset's afterglow.
In comparison to the special block or new school building that has better
lighting, the transparent windows being the only light source here gives off a
more chilling sensation, while during winter things would look much more

37


colder in this corridor.
The sounds of footsteps echoed within the chilly air.
Not the lively flapping kind of footsteps, nor the bold heavy kind of
footsteps, but mushy sounds of footsteps that gave off a sense of wetness.
As I'm in a hurry, I walked in an awkward way, where I can feel one my
shoes stepping on the heel of the other at times.
But I can't stop just yet.
Not stopping is already a big improvement by itself.
My body felt lighter after the talk with Hiratsuka sensei.
I now have a clear image of the things that I want to do, the things that I wish
to own.
Ignore anything unnecessary, throw away the questions accumulated in my
mind, stop thinking about those concerns that loomed in my heart.
Leave everything else behind, keeping only the mission, and work on it like a
robot.
As long as this can be solved, its fine to shove everything else aside, what I
must do now, is to seek for every single option that I could make use of.
As I kept walking, I have reached the very end of the afterglow in the
passageway.
The seemingly continuous flow of windows were replaced by the walls that
links to the student council room.
The door to the student council room was closed shut, and no voices were
heard from the inside, making my own breathing the only sound audible to
me. I took some time to regulate my breath in order to calm myself down.
It has been a few days since I've ever met Yukinoshita and Iroha, the last time

38


we met, is the day when Yukinoshita's mother came over to the school to
request for the cancellation of the prom. Our last conversation being a refusal
that hardly counts as a proper talk.
Which is why staying calm and composed is crucial to what happens next. If
any one of us have our feelings take over ourselves, it will be impossible for
us to reach a common ground.
Alright, this shouldn't be that big of a problem, after all my emotions have
died off to the point that it has reached a negative value! But wait, isn't that
worse?
Can I do it? Can I do it? (Heartbeat rises)...Ah yes, ah yes, I can do it I can do
it, gambatei~gambatei <3
This extremely out of character encouragement I made to myself had a
surprisingly uplifting effect on my mood, thus I took advantage this change,
and knocked on the door.
"Coming~"
Iroha's voice and sounds of approaching footsteps could be heard.
The door soon opened up, as I looked into the door seam, her flaxen brown
colored hair could be seen swaying around, along her long woolen sweater
that shone under the sunset.
Isshiki Iroha's head then popped out from the half opened door, and soon as
she saw me, her expression turned from her originally cute curious face into
a...face that spells of yabai desu.
"...Ah."
Iroha took a soft sigh, took a glance behind her, and walked out of the student
council room cautiously, and closed the door immediately as she stepped out.
Looking at me we an awkward expression:
"So you came after all...ahaha."

39


"Yeah, is Yukinoshita in there?"
Iroha looked back at the student council room as she heard my question,
implying that Yukinoshita is indeed in the room, I then exhaled out gases of
relief and nervousness.
I grabbed onto my pockets to wipe off the sweat on my palm, then moved
forward, reaching out my arm towards the doorknob.
As I was about to reach it, Iroha moved left to block my arm. What's this? A
crab game? Guess the Obamasgone meme even got to the masses huh. I then
sent out my left hand, which Iroha reacted swiftly, blocking all possible paths
I could reach out to the doorknob. What's with this one on one defense
situation, our national team really need someone of your caliber on their
defensive line...
"Uhm......you're blocking the way...can you uh, move aside please?"
Iroha answered by completely sticking her back onto the doorknob, crossed
her arms, stared at me and said:
"Before that, may I know for what exact reason are you here? Unrelated
personnel are prohibited in this room, you know."
Iroha wagged her finger while saying this with a stern face, huh, a never seen
before expression from her. Thanks to the special treatment from both ex and
present student council president , I've always entered this room without
asking permission, but it is a rule that unrelated personnel are prohibited from
the student council room. And now that this rule has been brought up against
me, I can't do anything about it either.
Sigh, for a girl of Iroha's personality this is just so annoying, but then
again...the way she put one hand on her waist, while waggling her finger on
the other looks so cute, not to mention that she's pouting too.
But in contrast to her cute expression, from how she refused to move away
from the door, I can sense a strong will that won't yield unless I convince her
properly, so I'll have to be honest with Iroha or she won't budge.

40